SENTENCE FORMATTER ERROR REPORT
==================================================

Total test cases: 3001
Passed: 9
Failed: 2992
Accuracy: 0.30%

INCORRECT EXAMPLES:
------------------------------

Error #1:
Input:    'only i don't like my relatives being pushed through traps in execution sheds--it's rotten bad for the health of the genealogical tree.'
Expected: 'Only I don't like my relatives being pushed through traps in execution sheds--it's rotten bad for the health of the genealogical tree.'
Actual:   'Onlyidon'tlikemyrelativesbeingpushedthroughtrapsinexecutionsheds -- it'srottenbadforthehealthofthegenealogicaltree.'
Type: Other error

Error #2:
Input:    'chapter i introduction to storm probably susan hawthorne got a lot of her courage and independence from her father, old smiler hawthorne, who in his time had been nearly everything and nearly everywhere--a tall, grizzled man who was generally broke but always unbeatable.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER I INTRODUCTION TO STORM Probably Susan Hawthorne got a lot of her courage and independence from her father, old Smiler Hawthorne, who in his time had been nearly everything and nearly everywhere--a tall, grizzled man who was generally broke but always unbeatable.'
Actual:   'Chapteriintroductiontostormprobablysusanhawthornegotalotofhercourageandindependencefromherfather,oldsmilerhawthorne,whoinhistimehadbeennearlyeverythingandnearlyeverywhere -- atall,grizzledmanwhowasgenerallybrokebutalwaysunbeatable.'
Type: Other error

Error #3:
Input:    'anyway, wherever she got it from, she needed it all; for old hawthorne crossed the divide one night with the same reckless optimism as he had gone through life.'
Expected: 'Anyway, wherever she got it from, she needed it all; for old Hawthorne crossed the Divide one night with the same reckless optimism as he had gone through life.'
Actual:   'Anyway,wherevershegotitfrom,sheneededitall;foroldhawthornecrossedthedivideonenightwiththesamerecklessoptimismashehadgonethroughlife.'
Type: Other error

Error #4:
Input:    'he left her his name and thirty pounds, the rest of his fortune having disappeared only a week before, together with the promoter of a company whose sole asset was a diamond field wherein no diamonds were.'
Expected: 'He left her his name and thirty pounds, the rest of his fortune having disappeared only a week before, together with the promoter of a company whose sole asset was a diamond field wherein no diamonds were.'
Actual:   'Heleftherhisnameandthirtypounds,therestofhisfortunehavingdisappearedonlyaweekbefore,togetherwiththepromoterofacompanywhosesoleassetwasadiamondfieldwhereinnodiamondswere.'
Type: Other error

Error #5:
Input:    'and susan hawthorne faced a blank future with a smile that was reminiscent of old smiler's cheeriest effort, which you only saw when things were very black and the proposition to be tackled was exceeding tough.'
Expected: 'And Susan Hawthorne faced a blank future with a smile that was reminiscent of old Smiler's cheeriest effort, which you only saw when things were very black and the proposition to be tackled was exceeding tough.'
Actual:   'Andsusanhawthornefacedablankfuturewithasmilethatwasreminiscentofoldsmiler'scheeriesteffort,whichyouonlysawwhenthingswereveryblackandthepropositiontobetackledwasexceedingtough.'
Type: Other error

Error #6:
Input:    'he was that sort of man, and she was his daughter.'
Expected: 'He was that sort of man, and she was his daughter.'
Actual:   'Hewasthatsortofman,andshewashisdaughter.'
Type: Other error

Error #7:
Input:    'she felt very much alone in the world.'
Expected: 'She felt very much alone in the world.'
Actual:   'Shefeltverymuchaloneintheworld.'
Type: Other error

Error #8:
Input:    'she had lost touch with her own friends in the accompanying of her father in his happy-go-lucky aimless globe-trotting; and most of the friends he had picked up himself--and they were legion--were scattered in odd corners of the earth.'
Expected: 'She had lost touch with her own friends in the accompanying of her father in his happy-go-lucky aimless globe-trotting; and most of the friends he had picked up himself--and they were legion--were scattered in odd corners of the earth.'
Actual:   'Shehadlosttouchwithherownfriendsintheaccompanyingofherfatherinhishappy-go-luckyaimlessglobe-trotting;andmostofthefriendshehadpickeduphimself -- andtheywerelegion -- werescatteredinoddcornersoftheearth.'
Type: Other error

Error #9:
Input:    'in any case, she was not one to look for charity.'
Expected: 'In any case, she was not one to look for charity.'
Actual:   'Inanycase,shewasnotonetolookforcharity.'
Type: Other error

Error #10:
Input:    'wherefore she went to lord hannassay, because he seemed to be the only friend of her father's who was in england.'
Expected: 'Wherefore she went to Lord Hannassay, because he seemed to be the only friend of her father's who was in England.'
Actual:   'Whereforeshewenttolordhannassay,becauseheseemedtobetheonlyfriendofherfather'swhowasinengland.'
Type: Other error

Error #11:
Input:    'she went with some trepidation, and was not unpleasantly surprised, and more than a little nervous, when she found that he was not so inaccessible as his name and position seemed to indicate.'
Expected: 'She went with some trepidation, and was not unpleasantly surprised, and more than a little nervous, when she found that he was not so inaccessible as his name and position seemed to indicate.'
Actual:   'Shewentwithsometrepidation,andwasnotunpleasantlysurprised,andmorethanalittlenervous,whenshefoundthathewasnotsoinaccessibleashisnameandpositionseemedtoindicate.'
Type: Other error

Error #12:
Input:    '"i remember you--sixteen, weren't you?--queer kid--all eyes and legs.'
Expected: '"I remember you--sixteen, weren't you?--queer kid--all eyes and legs.'
Actual:   '``irememberyou -- sixteen,weren'tyou? -- queerkid -- alleyesandlegs.'
Type: Other error

Error #13:
Input:    'and your father?" he had a curiously disjointed manner of speaking, conveying the impression that his thoughts moved faster than his mouth could frame them.'
Expected: 'And your father?" He had a curiously disjointed manner of speaking, conveying the impression that his thoughts moved faster than his mouth could frame them.'
Actual:   'Andyourfather?'' Hehadacuriouslydisjointedmannerofspeaking,conveyingtheimpressionthathisthoughtsmovedfasterthanhismouthcouldframethem.'
Type: Other error

Error #14:
Input:    '"my father died a month ago," she said.'
Expected: '"My father died a month ago," she said.'
Actual:   '``myfatherdiedamonthago,''shesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #15:
Input:    'his grim face softened for a moment.'
Expected: 'His grim face softened for a moment.'
Actual:   'Hisgrimfacesoftenedforamoment.'
Type: Other error

Error #16:
Input:    '"i'm sorry," he said quietly.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry," he said quietly.'
Actual:   '``i'msorry,''hesaidquietly.'
Type: Other error

Error #17:
Input:    '"your father was one of the few men i have ever really liked." after a while she broached the subject of her visit.'
Expected: '"Your father was one of the few men I have ever really liked." After a while she broached the subject of her visit.'
Actual:   '``yourfatherwasoneofthefewmenihaveeverreallyliked.'' Afterawhileshebroachedthesubjectofhervisit.'
Type: Other error

Error #18:
Input:    'it was not a task she relished, for she was desperately afraid he would misunderstand.'
Expected: 'It was not a task she relished, for she was desperately afraid he would misunderstand.'
Actual:   'Itwasnotatasksherelished,forshewasdesperatelyafraidhewouldmisunderstand.'
Type: Other error

Error #19:
Input:    'his face remained inscrutable, but the blue eyes searched her face.'
Expected: 'His face remained inscrutable, but the blue eyes searched her face.'
Actual:   'Hisfaceremainedinscrutable,buttheblueeyessearchedherface.'
Type: Other error

Error #20:
Input:    'the fingers of his right hand drummed on the table.'
Expected: 'The fingers of his right hand drummed on the table.'
Actual:   'Thefingersofhisrighthanddrummedonthetable.'
Type: Other error

Error #21:
Input:    'she learnt afterwards that this was a trick of his when he was embarrassed.'
Expected: 'She learnt afterwards that this was a trick of his when he was embarrassed.'
Actual:   'Shelearntafterwardsthatthiswasatrickofhiswhenhewasembarrassed.'
Type: Other error

Error #22:
Input:    '"what can you do?" he asked.'
Expected: '"What can you do?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``whatcanyoudo?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #23:
Input:    '"shorthand--book-keeping--type-writing--anything?" "nothing, i'm afraid." she had realised all along the hopeless inadequacy of her qualifications, and felt unnecessarily small and foolish.'
Expected: '"Shorthand--book-keeping--type-writing--anything?" "Nothing, I'm afraid." She had realised all along the hopeless inadequacy of her qualifications, and felt unnecessarily small and foolish.'
Actual:   '``shorthand -- book-keeping -- type-writing -- anything?'' ``nothing,i'mafraid.'' Shehadrealisedallalongthehopelessinadequacyofherqualifications,andfeltunnecessarilysmallandfoolish.'
Type: Other error

Error #24:
Input:    '"but i could learn." "there are hundreds of girls who have learnt--still looking for jobs," he said.'
Expected: '"But I could learn." "There are hundreds of girls who have learnt--still looking for jobs," he said.'
Actual:   '``buticouldlearn.'' ``therearehundredsofgirlswhohavelearnt -- stilllookingforjobs,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #25:
Input:    'his finger-tips played an intricate tattoo.'
Expected: 'His finger-tips played an intricate tattoo.'
Actual:   'Hisfinger-tipsplayedanintricatetattoo.'
Type: Other error

Error #26:
Input:    '"listen--you're afraid i'll offer you money.'
Expected: '"Listen--you're afraid I'll offer you money.'
Actual:   '``listen -- you'reafraidi'llofferyoumoney.'
Type: Other error

Error #27:
Input:    'feel insulted if i do--probably walk out in a rage.'
Expected: 'Feel insulted if I do--probably walk out in a rage.'
Actual:   'Feelinsultedifido -- probablywalkoutinarage.'
Type: Other error

Error #28:
Input:    'still, i wish you'd let me.'
Expected: 'Still, I wish you'd let me.'
Actual:   'Still,iwishyou'dletme.'
Type: Other error

Error #29:
Input:    'i've got heaps.'
Expected: 'I've got heaps.'
Actual:   'I'vegotheaps.'
Type: Other error

Error #30:
Input:    'i like money--i'd like more--and i don't often give it away.'
Expected: 'I like money--I'd like more--and I don't often give it away.'
Actual:   'Ilikemoney -- i'dlikemore -- andidon'toftengiveitaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #31:
Input:    'but you're different.'
Expected: 'But you're different.'
Actual:   'Butyou'redifferent.'
Type: Other error

Error #32:
Input:    'i'd have done it for your father, any day--why not for you?" strangely enough, she was not annoyed.'
Expected: 'I'd have done it for your father, any day--why not for you?" Strangely enough, she was not annoyed.'
Actual:   'I'dhavedoneitforyourfather,anyday -- whynotforyou?'' Strangelyenough,shewasnotannoyed.'
Type: Other error

Error #33:
Input:    'his nervousness was so amusing.'
Expected: 'His nervousness was so amusing.'
Actual:   'Hisnervousnesswassoamusing.'
Type: Other error

Error #34:
Input:    'he was obviously as scared of making a _faux pas_ as she was of his making one, and he didn't know how to do it without seeming to.'
Expected: 'He was obviously as scared of making a _faux pas_ as she was of his making one, and he didn't know how to do it without seeming to.'
Actual:   'Hewasobviouslyasscaredofmakinga_fauxpas_asshewasofhismakingone,andhedidn'tknowhowtodoitwithoutseemingto.'
Type: Other error

Error #35:
Input:    '"i'm sorry," she said.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry," she said.'
Actual:   '``i'msorry,''shesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #36:
Input:    '"i'm looking for work, not outdoor relief." "i know all about that," he said peevishly.'
Expected: '"I'm looking for work, not outdoor relief." "I know all about that," he said peevishly.'
Actual:   '``i'mlookingforwork,notoutdoorrelief.'' ``iknowallaboutthat,''hesaidpeevishly.'
Type: Other error

Error #37:
Input:    '"you wouldn't have minded taking it from your father." "that's different," she said, and he was not foolish enough to attempt to argue the point further.'
Expected: '"You wouldn't have minded taking it from your father." "That's different," she said, and he was not foolish enough to attempt to argue the point further.'
Actual:   '``youwouldn'thavemindedtakingitfromyourfather.'' ``that'sdifferent,''shesaid,andhewasnotfoolishenoughtoattempttoarguethepointfurther.'
Type: Other error

Error #38:
Input:    'he turned over some papers, picked up a pencil, and played with it.'
Expected: 'He turned over some papers, picked up a pencil, and played with it.'
Actual:   'Heturnedoversomepapers,pickedupapencil,andplayedwithit.'
Type: Other error

Error #39:
Input:    'there was an unusual quality about these little mannerisms of his: they were never jerky and inconsequent, like the fidgeting of a different kind of man.'
Expected: 'There was an unusual quality about these little mannerisms of his: they were never jerky and inconsequent, like the fidgeting of a different kind of man.'
Actual:   'Therewasanunusualqualityabouttheselittlemannerismsofhis:theywereneverjerkyandinconsequent,likethefidgetingofadifferentkindofman.'
Type: Other error

Error #40:
Input:    'he seemed to employ material objects to assist his thoughts.'
Expected: 'He seemed to employ material objects to assist his thoughts.'
Actual:   'Heseemedtoemploymaterialobjectstoassisthisthoughts.'
Type: Other error

Error #41:
Input:    '"i want a typist," he said at length.'
Expected: '"I want a typist," he said at length.'
Actual:   '``iwantatypist,''hesaidatlength.'
Type: Other error

Error #42:
Input:    '"you can get reasonably proficient in a fortnight if you work hard.'
Expected: '"You can get reasonably proficient in a fortnight if you work hard.'
Actual:   '``youcangetreasonablyproficientinafortnightifyouworkhard.'
Type: Other error

Error #43:
Input:    'no need for much speed, anyhow--no dictation.'
Expected: 'No need for much speed, anyhow--no dictation.'
Actual:   'Noneedformuchspeed,anyhow -- nodictation.'
Type: Other error

Error #44:
Input:    'copying letters, etcetera.'
Expected: 'Copying letters, etcetera.'
Actual:   'Copyingletters,etcetera.'
Type: Other error

Error #45:
Input:    'you can have the job if you'll be my guest here while you're learning.'
Expected: 'You can have the job if you'll be my guest here while you're learning.'
Actual:   'Youcanhavethejobifyou'llbemyguestherewhileyou'relearning.'
Type: Other error

Error #46:
Input:    'that's not charity--you'd accept an invitation like that even if you weren't broke.'
Expected: 'That's not charity--you'd accept an invitation like that even if you weren't broke.'
Actual:   'That'snotcharity -- you'dacceptaninvitationlikethatevenifyouweren'tbroke.'
Type: Other error

Error #47:
Input:    'use the house how you like--i'm going to geneva.'
Expected: 'Use the house how you like--I'm going to Geneva.'
Actual:   'Usethehousehowyoulike -- i'mgoingtogeneva.'
Type: Other error

Error #48:
Input:    'league of nations conferences--all rot.'
Expected: 'League of Nations conferences--all rot.'
Actual:   'Leagueofnationsconferences -- allrot.'
Type: Other error

Error #49:
Input:    'housekeeper's always here.'
Expected: 'housekeeper's always here.'
Actual:   'Housekeeper'salwayshere.'
Type: Other error

Error #50:
Input:    'your reputation's all right.'
Expected: 'Your reputation's all right.'
Actual:   'Yourreputation'sallright.'
Type: Other error

Error #51:
Input:    'but while i'm away--no wild parties, mind!" he issued the order with such a comical seriousness that she all but laughed aloud.'
Expected: 'But while I'm away--no wild parties, mind!" He issued the order with such a comical seriousness that she all but laughed aloud.'
Actual:   'Butwhilei'maway -- nowildparties,mind!'' Heissuedtheorderwithsuchacomicalseriousnessthatsheallbutlaughedaloud.'
Type: Other error

Error #52:
Input:    '"i'll try to reform," she promised gravely.'
Expected: '"I'll try to reform," she promised gravely.'
Actual:   '``i'lltrytoreform,''shepromisedgravely.'
Type: Other error

Error #53:
Input:    'the time passed quickly for her.'
Expected: 'The time passed quickly for her.'
Actual:   'Thetimepassedquicklyforher.'
Type: Other error

Error #54:
Input:    'the work was easy and interesting, the hours short.'
Expected: 'The work was easy and interesting, the hours short.'
Actual:   'Theworkwaseasyandinteresting,thehoursshort.'
Type: Other error

Error #55:
Input:    'once or twice it occurred to her that her job was simply a disguise for the charity she dreaded, but her hint of this suspicion was received with such pained surprise that, not unwillingly, she banished the idea.'
Expected: 'Once or twice it occurred to her that her job was simply a disguise for the charity she dreaded, but her hint of this suspicion was received with such pained surprise that, not unwillingly, she banished the idea.'
Actual:   'Onceortwiceitoccurredtoherthatherjobwassimplyadisguiseforthecharityshedreaded,butherhintofthissuspicionwasreceivedwithsuchpainedsurprisethat,notunwillingly,shebanishedtheidea.'
Type: Other error

Error #56:
Input:    'hannassay came and went, always courteous and correct.'
Expected: 'Hannassay came and went, always courteous and correct.'
Actual:   'Hannassaycameandwent,alwayscourteousandcorrect.'
Type: Other error

Error #57:
Input:    'she grew to like him, for he thought she detected the sentimentalist masquerading in self-defence as the tyrant.'
Expected: 'She grew to like him, for he thought she detected the sentimentalist masquerading in self-defence as the tyrant.'
Actual:   'Shegrewtolikehim,forhethoughtshedetectedthesentimentalistmasqueradinginself-defenceasthetyrant.'
Type: Other error

Error #58:
Input:    'after a month she began to consider herself an authority on affairs of state, for lord hannassay held a high post in the home office.'
Expected: 'After a month she began to consider herself an authority on affairs of State, for Lord Hannassay held a high post in the Home Office.'
Actual:   'Afteramonthshebegantoconsiderherselfanauthorityonaffairsofstate,forlordhannassayheldahighpostinthehomeoffice.'
Type: Other error

Error #59:
Input:    'it took her nearly three months more to realise that she knew practically nothing.'
Expected: 'It took her nearly three months more to realise that she knew practically nothing.'
Actual:   'Ittookhernearlythreemonthsmoretorealisethatsheknewpracticallynothing.'
Type: Other error

Error #60:
Input:    'she was returning from the home office one afternoon after delivering some papers when she discovered that she was not as friendless as she had thought, and the discovery was a cheerful surprise.'
Expected: 'She was returning from the Home Office one afternoon after delivering some papers when she discovered that she was not as friendless as she had thought, and the discovery was a cheerful surprise.'
Actual:   'Shewasreturningfromthehomeofficeoneafternoonafterdeliveringsomepaperswhenshediscoveredthatshewasnotasfriendlessasshehadthought,andthediscoverywasacheerfulsurprise.'
Type: Other error

Error #61:
Input:    'she was walking back along piccadilly when she nearly collided with a tall young man in a grey flannel suit.'
Expected: 'She was walking back along Piccadilly when she nearly collided with a tall young man in a grey flannel suit.'
Actual:   'Shewaswalkingbackalongpiccadillywhenshenearlycollidedwithatallyoungmaninagreyflannelsuit.'
Type: Other error

Error #62:
Input:    'he raised his hat absently, apologised, and was about to pass on when suddenly they stopped dead and stared at one another.'
Expected: 'He raised his hat absently, apologised, and was about to pass on when suddenly they stopped dead and stared at one another.'
Actual:   'Heraisedhishatabsently,apologised,andwasabouttopassonwhensuddenlytheystoppeddeadandstaredatoneanother.'
Type: Other error

Error #63:
Input:    '"je-rusalem!" exclaimed the young man.'
Expected: '"Je-rusalem!" exclaimed the young man.'
Actual:   '``je-rusalem!'' Exclaimedtheyoungman.'
Type: Other error

Error #64:
Input:    'he linked his arm in hers in the most natural way in the world, and steered her out of the press towards the portals of the leroy.'
Expected: 'He linked his arm in hers in the most natural way in the world, and steered her out of the press towards the portals of the Leroy.'
Actual:   'Helinkedhisarminhersinthemostnaturalwayintheworld,andsteeredheroutofthepresstowardstheportalsoftheleroy.'
Type: Other error

Error #65:
Input:    '"it's just four," he remarked, "and therefore tea-time.'
Expected: '"It's just four," he remarked, "and therefore tea-time.'
Actual:   '``it'sjustfour,''heremarked,``andthereforetea-time.'
Type: Other error

Error #66:
Input:    'i've not seen you for years, susan--millions of years!" they found a table and sat down on either side of it, inspecting one another.'
Expected: 'I've not seen you for years, Susan--millions of years!" They found a table and sat down on either side of it, inspecting one another.'
Actual:   'I'venotseenyouforyears,susan -- millionsofyears!'' Theyfoundatableandsatdownoneithersideofit,inspectingoneanother.'
Type: Other error

Error #67:
Input:    'then they both smiled.'
Expected: 'Then they both smiled.'
Actual:   'Thentheybothsmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #68:
Input:    '"christopher arden," she said, "you'll do!" "and you, by jeremy!'
Expected: '"Christopher Arden," she said, "you'll do!" "And you, by Jeremy!'
Actual:   '``christopherarden,''shesaid,``you'lldo!'' ``andyou,byjeremy!'
Type: Other error

Error #69:
Input:    'susan, what do you mean by it?'
Expected: 'Susan, what do you mean by it?'
Actual:   'Susan,whatdoyoumeanbyit?'
Type: Other error

Error #70:
Input:    'i've written you regularly for the last three years, and you haven't answered a line." "i might have," she answered demurely, "if you'd put your address on your letters." his jaw dropped.'
Expected: 'I've written you regularly for the last three years, and you haven't answered a line." "I might have," she answered demurely, "if you'd put your address on your letters." His jaw dropped.'
Actual:   'I'vewrittenyouregularlyforthelastthreeyears,andyouhaven'tansweredaline.'' ``imighthave,''sheanswereddemurely,``ifyou'dputyouraddressonyourletters.'' Hisjawdropped.'
Type: Other error

Error #71:
Input:    '"didn't i?" he demanded.'
Expected: '"Didn't I?" he demanded.'
Actual:   '``didn'ti?'' Hedemanded.'
Type: Other error

Error #72:
Input:    '"oh, yes!" she smiled.'
Expected: '"Oh, yes!" She smiled.'
Actual:   '``oh,yes!'' Shesmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #73:
Input:    '"you put 'morocco' and 'south pacific' and 'nassau' and that sort of thing.'
Expected: '"You put 'Morocco' and 'South Pacific' and 'Nassau' and that sort of thing.'
Actual:   '``youput'morocco'and'southpacific'and'nassau'andthatsortofthing.'
Type: Other error

Error #74:
Input:    'only i didn't think you were notorious enough for that alone to find you." he grinned.'
Expected: 'Only I didn't think you were notorious enough for that alone to find you." He grinned.'
Actual:   'Onlyididn'tthinkyouwerenotoriousenoughforthatalonetofindyou.'' Hegrinned.'
Type: Other error

Error #75:
Input:    '"sorry!" he apologised.'
Expected: '"Sorry!" he apologised.'
Actual:   '``sorry!'' Heapologised.'
Type: Other error

Error #76:
Input:    '"tell me all about this and that." she told him, and his brown hand went across the table and touched her fingers lightly.'
Expected: '"Tell me all about this and that." She told him, and his brown hand went across the table and touched her fingers lightly.'
Actual:   '``tellmeallaboutthisandthat.'' Shetoldhim,andhisbrownhandwentacrossthetableandtouchedherfingerslightly.'
Type: Other error

Error #77:
Input:    'he said nothing--that wouldn't have been kit arden, known as storm wherever soldiers of fortune were gathered together.'
Expected: 'He said nothing--that wouldn't have been Kit Arden, known as Storm wherever soldiers of fortune were gathered together.'
Actual:   'Hesaidnothing -- thatwouldn'thavebeenkitarden,knownasstormwhereversoldiersoffortuneweregatheredtogether.'
Type: Other error

Error #78:
Input:    'he hadn't altered.'
Expected: 'He hadn't altered.'
Actual:   'Hehadn'taltered.'
Type: Other error

Error #79:
Input:    'he had always had a manner which mocked the expression of words; and yet his unspoken sympathy meant more to the girl than any amount of fluent condolences.'
Expected: 'He had always had a manner which mocked the expression of words; and yet his unspoken sympathy meant more to the girl than any amount of fluent condolences.'
Actual:   'Hehadalwayshadamannerwhichmockedtheexpressionofwords;andyethisunspokensympathymeantmoretothegirlthananyamountoffluentcondolences.'
Type: Other error

Error #80:
Input:    'she found his old irresistible spell, that had captured her imagination even when he was a dashing youngster of twenty-four and she a girl of seventeen, as potent as it had always been.'
Expected: 'She found his old irresistible spell, that had captured her imagination even when he was a dashing youngster of twenty-four and she a girl of seventeen, as potent as it had always been.'
Actual:   'Shefoundhisoldirresistiblespell,thathadcapturedherimaginationevenwhenhewasadashingyoungsteroftwenty-fourandsheagirlofseventeen,aspotentasithadalwaysbeen.'
Type: Other error

Error #81:
Input:    'physically he was the same as ever, save that his fair hair had oddly greyed a little at the temples--a curious contrast to the unlined boyishness of his face.'
Expected: 'Physically he was the same as ever, save that his fair hair had oddly greyed a little at the temples--a curious contrast to the unlined boyishness of his face.'
Actual:   'Physicallyhewasthesameasever,savethathisfairhairhadoddlygreyedalittleatthetemples -- acuriouscontrasttotheunlinedboyishnessofhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #82:
Input:    'but that was the keynote of his appearance, those contrasts.'
Expected: 'But that was the keynote of his appearance, those contrasts.'
Actual:   'Butthatwasthekeynoteofhisappearance,thosecontrasts.'
Type: Other error

Error #83:
Input:    'his slim yet broad-shouldered figure, the forceful mouth that could smile with such an infectious gaiety, the square jaw and the artist's hands, the saxon hair and gun-metal grey eyes.'
Expected: 'His slim yet broad-shouldered figure, the forceful mouth that could smile with such an infectious gaiety, the square jaw and the artist's hands, the Saxon hair and gun-metal grey eyes.'
Actual:   'Hisslimyetbroad-shoulderedfigure,theforcefulmouththatcouldsmilewithsuchaninfectiousgaiety,thesquarejawandtheartist'shands,thesaxonhairandgun-metalgreyeyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #84:
Input:    'storm, who was storm--so perfectly did the name fit him that it was impossible to think of him as anything else--storm, the reckless, daredevil trouble-hunter with the heart of a crusader....'
Expected: 'Storm, who was Storm--so perfectly did the name fit him that it was impossible to think of him as anything else--Storm, the reckless, daredevil trouble-hunter with the heart of a crusader....'
Actual:   'Storm,whowasstorm -- soperfectlydidthenamefithimthatitwasimpossibletothinkofhimasanythingelse -- storm,thereckless,daredeviltrouble-hunterwiththeheartofacrusader....'
Type: Other error

Error #85:
Input:    '"and where've you been?" "oh, here and there," he said.'
Expected: '"And where've you been?" "Oh, here and there," he said.'
Actual:   '``andwhere'veyoubeen?'' ``oh,hereandthere,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #86:
Input:    '"i put in a bit of time with the riffi--they made me a kaid or a pasha or whatever a riff makes you when he loves you like a brother.'
Expected: '"I put in a bit of time with the Riffi--they made me a Kaid or a Pasha or whatever a Riff makes you when he loves you like a brother.'
Actual:   '``iputinabitoftimewiththeriffi -- theymademeakaidorapashaorwhateverariffmakesyouwhenhelovesyoulikeabrother.'
Type: Other error

Error #87:
Input:    'then that blew over, so i beat it to the pacific and went pearling.'
Expected: 'Then that blew over, so I beat it to the Pacific and went pearling.'
Actual:   'Thenthatblewover,soibeatittothepacificandwentpearling.'
Type: Other error

Error #88:
Input:    'had a merry scrap with a jap patrol, fishing on forbidden ground.'
Expected: 'Had a merry scrap with a Jap patrol, fishing on forbidden ground.'
Actual:   'Hadamerryscrapwithajappatrol,fishingonforbiddenground.'
Type: Other error

Error #89:
Input:    'that was nearly the end of my career!'
Expected: 'That was nearly the end of my career!'
Actual:   'Thatwasnearlytheendofmycareer!'
Type: Other error

Error #90:
Input:    'then that got dull, so i toddled over to the bahamas and set up as a bootlegger.'
Expected: 'Then that got dull, so I toddled over to the Bahamas and set up as a bootlegger.'
Actual:   'Thenthatgotdull,soitoddledovertothebahamasandsetupasabootlegger.'
Type: Other error

Error #91:
Input:    'respectability's tame!'
Expected: 'Respectability's tame!'
Actual:   'Respectability'stame!'
Type: Other error

Error #92:
Input:    'a short life and a beery one--that's me!'
Expected: 'A short life and a beery one--that's me!'
Actual:   'Ashortlifeandabeeryone -- that'sme!'
Type: Other error

Error #93:
Input:    'and then you can bury me under the foundation-stone of a brewery.'
Expected: 'And then you can bury me under the foundation-stone of a brewery.'
Actual:   'Andthenyoucanburymeunderthefoundation-stoneofabrewery.'
Type: Other error

Error #94:
Input:    'stevenson's verse 'll do for my epitaph--fine!'
Expected: 'Stevenson's verse 'll do for my epitaph--fine!'
Actual:   'Stevenson'sverse'lldoformyepitaph -- fine!'
Type: Other error

Error #95:
Input:    'you know it?'
Expected: 'You know it?'
Actual:   'Youknowit?'
Type: Other error

Error #96:
Input:    '"here he lies where he longed to be, home is the bootlegger, home from the sea, and the moonshiner home from the still..." "you haven't changed a bit," she laughed "nor you--you're just as lovely as ever--more so!'
Expected: '"Here he lies where he longed to be, Home is the bootlegger, home from the sea, And the moonshiner home from the still..." "You haven't changed a bit," she laughed "Nor you--you're just as lovely as ever--more so!'
Actual:   '``herehelieswherehelongedtobe,homeisthebootlegger,homefromthesea,andthemoonshinerhomefromthestill...''``youhaven'tchangedabit,''shelaughed``noryou -- you'rejustaslovelyasever -- moreso!'
Type: Other error

Error #97:
Input:    'your eyes, now.'
Expected: 'Your eyes, now.'
Actual:   'Youreyes,now.'
Type: Other error

Error #98:
Input:    'i love brown eyes----" she stopped him with a solemnly upraised hand.'
Expected: 'I love brown eyes----" She stopped him with a solemnly upraised hand.'
Actual:   'Ilovebrowneyes --  -- ''shestoppedhimwithasolemnlyupraisedhand.'
Type: Other error

Error #99:
Input:    '"what are you doing now?" she asked.'
Expected: '"What are you doing now?" she asked.'
Actual:   '``whatareyoudoingnow?'' Sheasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #100:
Input:    '"divers things, and, on the whole, nothing much," he said vaguely.'
Expected: '"Divers things, and, on the whole, nothing much," he said vaguely.'
Actual:   '``diversthings,and,onthewhole,nothingmuch,''hesaidvaguely.'
Type: Other error

Error #101:
Input:    '"london's paralytic!'
Expected: '"London's paralytic!'
Actual:   '``london'sparalytic!'
Type: Other error

Error #102:
Input:    'i'm just wondering whether it'd be worth while going back to paluna--you remember, i ran a one-man revolution there and made myself president about three years back.'
Expected: 'I'm just wondering whether it'd be worth while going back to Paluna--you remember, I ran a one-man revolution there and made myself President about three years back.'
Actual:   'I'mjustwonderingwhetherit'dbeworthwhilegoingbacktopaluna -- youremember,iranaone-manrevolutionthereandmademyselfpresidentaboutthreeyearsback.'
Type: Other error

Error #103:
Input:    'being president of a south american republic is some game, believe uncle!" he was, as a matter of fact, doing rather more than divers things.'
Expected: 'Being President of a South American Republic is some game, believe uncle!" He was, as a matter of fact, doing rather more than divers things.'
Actual:   'Beingpresidentofasouthamericanrepublicissomegame,believeuncle!'' Hewas,asamatteroffact,doingrathermorethandiversthings.'
Type: Other error

Error #104:
Input:    'when he left he returned to scotland yard and made his way to the office of the assistant commissioner.'
Expected: 'When he left he returned to Scotland Yard and made his way to the office of the Assistant Commissioner.'
Actual:   'Whenhelefthereturnedtoscotlandyardandmadehiswaytotheofficeoftheassistantcommissioner.'
Type: Other error

Error #105:
Input:    '"you can take it from me, bill," he informed that gentleman, "that hannassay's new typist's all right.'
Expected: '"You can take it from me, Bill," he informed that gentleman, "that Hannassay's new typist's all right.'
Actual:   '``youcantakeitfromme,bill,''heinformedthatgentleman,``thathannassay'snewtypist'sallright.'
Type: Other error

Error #106:
Input:    'i've known her for years---her father took me out of the workhouse and educated me.'
Expected: 'I've known her for years---her father took me out of the workhouse and educated me.'
Actual:   'I'veknownherforyears -- -herfathertookmeoutoftheworkhouseandeducatedme.'
Type: Other error

Error #107:
Input:    'incidentally, he started me on my adventurous career.'
Expected: 'Incidentally, he started me on my adventurous career.'
Actual:   'Incidentally,hestartedmeonmyadventurouscareer.'
Type: Other error

Error #108:
Input:    'i tell you, anyone who was brought up by smiler hawthorne and after that went in for stockbroking or market gardening or anything else respectable and dull would have been a blistering robot!" "i'm glad to hear it," said bill kennedy drily.'
Expected: 'I tell you, anyone who was brought up by Smiler Hawthorne and after that went in for stockbroking or market gardening or anything else respectable and dull would have been a blistering Robot!" "I'm glad to hear it," said Bill Kennedy drily.'
Actual:   'Itellyou,anyonewhowasbroughtupbysmilerhawthorneandafterthatwentinforstockbrokingormarketgardeningoranythingelserespectableanddullwouldhavebeenablisteringrobot!'' ``i'mgladtohearit,''saidbillkennedydrily.'
Type: Other error

Error #109:
Input:    '"i'd already gathered that you weren't a robot, laddie, from the fact that you took an hour and a half to find out about her when you'd known her for years.'
Expected: '"I'd already gathered that you weren't a Robot, laddie, from the fact that you took an hour and a half to find out about her when you'd known her for years.'
Actual:   '``i'dalreadygatheredthatyouweren'tarobot,laddie,fromthefactthatyoutookanhourandahalftofindoutaboutherwhenyou'dknownherforyears.'
Type: Other error

Error #110:
Input:    'now you can push off, because i work sometimes.'
Expected: 'Now you can push off, because I work sometimes.'
Actual:   'Nowyoucanpushoff,becauseiworksometimes.'
Type: Other error

Error #111:
Input:    'see you later." storm went to his own room, and shortly after inspector teal arrived to make his report.'
Expected: 'See you later." Storm went to his own room, and shortly after Inspector Teal arrived to make his report.'
Actual:   'Seeyoulater.'' Stormwenttohisownroom,andshortlyafterinspectortealarrivedtomakehisreport.'
Type: Other error

Error #112:
Input:    '"well, teal?" he prompted briskly.'
Expected: '"Well, Teal?" he prompted briskly.'
Actual:   '``well,teal?'' Hepromptedbriskly.'
Type: Other error

Error #113:
Input:    '"nothing," said mr.'
Expected: '"Nothing," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``nothing,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #114:
Input:    'teal sleepily.'
Expected: 'Teal sleepily.'
Actual:   'Tealsleepily.'
Type: Other error

Error #115:
Input:    '"the process of reformation continues.'
Expected: '"The process of reformation continues.'
Actual:   '``theprocessofreformationcontinues.'
Type: Other error

Error #116:
Input:    'i looked up lew mecklen and gat morini this morning, and they greeted me like a long-lost brother--which isn't like lew and the gentle gat.'
Expected: 'I looked up Lew Mecklen and Gat Morini this morning, and they greeted me like a long-lost brother--which isn't like Lew and the gentle Gat.'
Actual:   'Ilookeduplewmecklenandgatmorinithismorning,andtheygreetedmelikealong-lostbrother -- whichisn'tlikelewandthegentlegat.'
Type: Other error

Error #117:
Input:    'they've been over for a month now, and they haven't made a joke yet.'
Expected: 'They've been over for a month now, and they haven't made a joke yet.'
Actual:   'They'vebeenoverforamonthnow,andtheyhaven'tmadeajokeyet.'
Type: Other error

Error #118:
Input:    'birdie sands has been out six weeks, and we haven't had a thing on him.'
Expected: 'Birdie Sands has been out six weeks, and we haven't had a thing on him.'
Actual:   'Birdiesandshasbeenoutsixweeks,andwehaven'thadathingonhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #119:
Input:    'and prester john hasn't cracked a crib for two months--and i know he was hard up two months ago.'
Expected: 'And Prester John hasn't cracked a crib for two months--and I know he was hard up two months ago.'
Actual:   'Andpresterjohnhasn'tcrackedacribfortwomonths -- andiknowhewasharduptwomonthsago.'
Type: Other error

Error #120:
Input:    'arden, when a lot of old lags all start reforming at once my nose itches!" "uh-huh," said storm thoughtfully.'
Expected: 'Arden, when a lot of old lags all start reforming at once my nose itches!" "Uh-huh," said Storm thoughtfully.'
Actual:   'Arden,whenalotofoldlagsallstartreformingatoncemynoseitches!'' ``uh-huh,''saidstormthoughtfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #121:
Input:    '"and they're only a few." "with more coming into the fold every day," supplemented mr.'
Expected: '"And they're only a few." "With more coming into the fold every day," supplemented Mr.'
Actual:   '``andthey'reonlyafew.'' ``withmorecomingintothefoldeveryday,''supplementedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #122:
Input:    'he was a big slow-moving man, red-faced and sleepy-eyed, beginning to pay the price of his youthful robustness as muscle turned to fat and easy living irresistibly increased his circumference.'
Expected: 'He was a big slow-moving man, red-faced and sleepy-eyed, beginning to pay the price of his youthful robustness as muscle turned to fat and easy living irresistibly increased his circumference.'
Actual:   'Hewasabigslow-movingman,red-facedandsleepy-eyed,beginningtopaythepriceofhisyouthfulrobustnessasmuscleturnedtofatandeasylivingirresistiblyincreasedhiscircumference.'
Type: Other error

Error #123:
Input:    'he was invariably tired and invariably bored--it was an affectation of his of which he was intensely proud.'
Expected: 'He was invariably tired and invariably bored--it was an affectation of his of which he was intensely proud.'
Actual:   'Hewasinvariablytiredandinvariablybored -- itwasanaffectationofhisofwhichhewasintenselyproud.'
Type: Other error

Error #124:
Input:    'storm stared out of the window.'
Expected: 'Storm stared out of the window.'
Actual:   'Stormstaredoutofthewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #125:
Input:    '"when i got into this job," he said, "i had ideas.'
Expected: '"When I got into this job," he said, "I had ideas.'
Actual:   '``whenigotintothisjob,''hesaid,``ihadideas.'
Type: Other error

Error #126:
Input:    'i thought special branch dealt with active crooks--not the boys who'd turned good.'
Expected: 'I thought Special Branch dealt with active crooks--not the boys who'd turned good.'
Actual:   'Ithoughtspecialbranchdealtwithactivecrooks -- nottheboyswho'dturnedgood.'
Type: Other error

Error #127:
Input:    'this is more subtle than i'd like it to be." inspector teal said nothing.'
Expected: 'This is more subtle than I'd like it to be." Inspector Teal said nothing.'
Actual:   'Thisismoresubtlethani'dlikeittobe.'' Inspectortealsaidnothing.'
Type: Other error

Error #128:
Input:    'rousing himself slightly with what seemed a terrific effort, he reached into a pocket and extracted a small packet therefrom.'
Expected: 'Rousing himself slightly with what seemed a terrific effort, he reached into a pocket and extracted a small packet therefrom.'
Actual:   'Rousinghimselfslightlywithwhatseemedaterrificeffort,hereachedintoapocketandextractedasmallpackettherefrom.'
Type: Other error

Error #129:
Input:    'from this packet he removed a smaller packet, and from the smaller packet he detached the pink wrapper.'
Expected: 'From this packet he removed a smaller packet, and from the smaller packet he detached the pink wrapper.'
Actual:   'Fromthispacketheremovedasmallerpacket,andfromthesmallerpackethedetachedthepinkwrapper.'
Type: Other error

Error #130:
Input:    '"if it wasn't so absurd," said storm, "i'd tell you the only explanation i can see that fits." mr.'
Expected: '"If it wasn't so absurd," said Storm, "I'd tell you the only explanation I can see that fits." Mr.'
Actual:   '``ifitwasn'tsoabsurd,''saidstorm,``i'dtellyoutheonlyexplanationicanseethatfits.'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #131:
Input:    'teal conveyed a wafer of chewing gum to his mouth and champed meditatively.'
Expected: 'Teal conveyed a wafer of chewing gum to his mouth and champed meditatively.'
Actual:   'Tealconveyedawaferofchewinggumtohismouthandchampedmeditatively.'
Type: Other error

Error #132:
Input:    'arden," he murmured drowsily, "if i hadn't heard things that make me want to offer that same theory, i'd say it was absurd.'
Expected: 'Arden," he murmured drowsily, "if I hadn't heard things that make me want to offer that same theory, I'd say it was absurd.'
Actual:   'Arden,''hemurmureddrowsily,``ifihadn'theardthingsthatmakemewanttoofferthatsametheory,i'dsayitwasabsurd.'
Type: Other error

Error #133:
Input:    'but i stood prester john a drink this afternoon, and i picked his pocket.'
Expected: 'But I stood Prester John a drink this afternoon, and I picked his pocket.'
Actual:   'Butistoodpresterjohnadrinkthisafternoon,andipickedhispocket.'
Type: Other error

Error #134:
Input:    'i ought to have been a criminal really--people wouldn't suspect me, because i look so innocent.'
Expected: 'I ought to have been a criminal really--people wouldn't suspect me, because I look so innocent.'
Actual:   'Ioughttohavebeenacriminalreally -- peoplewouldn'tsuspectme,becauseilooksoinnocent.'
Type: Other error

Error #135:
Input:    'anyway, i found something interesting.'
Expected: 'Anyway, I found something interesting.'
Actual:   'Anyway,ifoundsomethinginteresting.'
Type: Other error

Error #136:
Input:    'look at this." from his waistcoat pocket he took something that glittered and laid it on storm's desk.'
Expected: 'Look at this." From his waistcoat pocket he took something that glittered and laid it on Storm's desk.'
Actual:   'Lookatthis.'' Fromhiswaistcoatpockethetooksomethingthatglitteredandlaiditonstorm'sdesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #137:
Input:    'it was a little silver triangle.'
Expected: 'It was a little silver triangle.'
Actual:   'Itwasalittlesilvertriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #138:
Input:    'in the centre a similar triangle was picked out in black enamel, and in the centre of this a silver alpha had been picked out in the enamel.'
Expected: 'In the centre a similar triangle was picked out in black enamel, and in the centre of this a silver alpha had been picked out in the enamel.'
Actual:   'Inthecentreasimilartrianglewaspickedoutinblackenamel,andinthecentreofthisasilveralphahadbeenpickedoutintheenamel.'
Type: Other error

Error #139:
Input:    'storm looked at it closely, turned it over and inspected the back, and laid it down.'
Expected: 'Storm looked at it closely, turned it over and inspected the back, and laid it down.'
Actual:   'Stormlookedatitclosely,turneditoverandinspectedtheback,andlaiditdown.'
Type: Other error

Error #140:
Input:    '"what's this got to do with anything--if anything?" he demanded, and mr.'
Expected: '"What's this got to do with anything--if anything?" he demanded, and Mr.'
Actual:   '``what'sthisgottodowithanything -- ifanything?'' Hedemanded,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #141:
Input:    'teal shook his head.'
Expected: 'Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   'Tealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #142:
Input:    '"that's what i want to know." the bell under storm's desk rang discordantly, and he picked up the receiver.'
Expected: '"That's what I want to know." The bell under Storm's desk rang discordantly, and he picked up the receiver.'
Actual:   '``that'swhatiwanttoknow.'' Thebellunderstorm'sdeskrangdiscordantly,andhepickedupthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #143:
Input:    'speaking." he listened for a moment, and then spoke insistently.'
Expected: 'Speaking." He listened for a moment, and then spoke insistently.'
Actual:   'Speaking.'' Helistenedforamoment,andthenspokeinsistently.'
Type: Other error

Error #144:
Input:    'no, i don't know anything about it--yet.'
Expected: 'No, I don't know anything about it--yet.'
Actual:   'No,idon'tknowanythingaboutit -- yet.'
Type: Other error

Error #145:
Input:    'look here, mr.'
Expected: 'Look here, Mr.'
Actual:   'Lookhere,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #146:
Input:    'blaythwayt, will you wrap that letter up exactly as it came, envelope and all, and send it round at once by special messenger?...'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt, will you wrap that letter up exactly as it came, envelope and all, and send it round at once by special messenger?...'
Actual:   'Blaythwayt,willyouwrapthatletterupexactlyasitcame,envelopeandall,andsenditroundatoncebyspecialmessenger?...'
Type: Other error

Error #147:
Input:    'yes, new scotland yard....'
Expected: 'Yes, New Scotland Yard....'
Actual:   'Yes,newscotlandyard....'
Type: Other error

Error #148:
Input:    'right-thanks!" "i know that man blaythwayt," said mr.'
Expected: 'Right-thanks!" "I know that man Blaythwayt," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Right-thanks!'' ``iknowthatmanblaythwayt,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #149:
Input:    'teal, as storm replaced the receiver.'
Expected: 'Teal, as Storm replaced the receiver.'
Actual:   'Teal,asstormreplacedthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #150:
Input:    '"he's manager--" "shut up!" snarled storm.'
Expected: '"He's manager--" "Shut up!" snarled Storm.'
Actual:   '``he'smanager -- ''``shutup!'' Snarledstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #151:
Input:    '"i'm thinking." he swung over to the window and stood looking down for some moments.'
Expected: '"I'm thinking." He swung over to the window and stood looking down for some moments.'
Actual:   '``i'mthinking.'' Heswungovertothewindowandstoodlookingdownforsomemoments.'
Type: Other error

Error #152:
Input:    'then, abruptly, he came back to his desk and pressed a bell.'
Expected: 'Then, abruptly, he came back to his desk and pressed a bell.'
Actual:   'Then,abruptly,hecamebacktohisdeskandpressedabell.'
Type: Other error

Error #153:
Input:    'to the man who answered the summons he gave the trinket that teal had brought him.'
Expected: 'To the man who answered the summons he gave the trinket that Teal had brought him.'
Actual:   'Tothemanwhoansweredthesummonshegavethetrinketthattealhadbroughthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #154:
Input:    '"go down to records," he commanded, "and ask 'em for anything they've got in which anything like this figured." it was only ten minutes before the man returned, bearing with him a small bundle of papers.'
Expected: '"Go down to Records," he commanded, "and ask 'em for anything they've got in which anything like this figured." It was only ten minutes before the man returned, bearing with him a small bundle of papers.'
Actual:   '``godowntorecords,''hecommanded,``andask'emforanythingthey'vegotinwhichanythinglikethisfigured.'' Itwasonlytenminutesbeforethemanreturned,bearingwithhimasmallbundleofpapers.'
Type: Other error

Error #155:
Input:    'storm lighted a cigarette and went through them carefully, and at the end he looked steadily across at inspector teal.'
Expected: 'Storm lighted a cigarette and went through them carefully, and at the end he looked steadily across at Inspector Teal.'
Actual:   'Stormlightedacigaretteandwentthroughthemcarefully,andattheendhelookedsteadilyacrossatinspectorteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #156:
Input:    '"listen," he said.'
Expected: '"Listen," he said.'
Actual:   '``listen,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #157:
Input:    '"just over three months ago a man was found dead by the railway between priory and kearsney--that's on the dover-london line.'
Expected: '"Just over three months ago a man was found dead by the railway between Priory and Kearsney--that's on the Dover-London line.'
Actual:   '``justoverthreemonthsagoamanwasfounddeadbytherailwaybetweenprioryandkearsney -- that'sonthedover-londonline.'
Type: Other error

Error #158:
Input:    'there were no marks of violence, and since he had a ticket from dover to victoria it was supposed that he'd simply fallen out of the train.'
Expected: 'There were no marks of violence, and since he had a ticket from Dover to Victoria it was supposed that he'd simply fallen out of the train.'
Actual:   'Therewerenomarksofviolence,andsincehehadaticketfromdovertovictoriaitwassupposedthathe'dsimplyfallenoutofthetrain.'
Type: Other error

Error #159:
Input:    'he was identified as henri francois joubert, a frenchman domiciled in england, who'd made his fortune on the stock exchange--jobbing, you know--about thirty years ago.'
Expected: 'He was identified as Henri Francois Joubert, a Frenchman domiciled in England, who'd made his fortune on the Stock Exchange--jobbing, you know--about thirty years ago.'
Actual:   'Hewasidentifiedashenrifrancoisjoubert,afrenchmandomiciledinengland,who'dmadehisfortuneonthestockexchange -- jobbing,youknow -- aboutthirtyyearsago.'
Type: Other error

Error #160:
Input:    'there'd be no records of the case if it hadn't been for one curious thing.'
Expected: 'There'd be no records of the case if it hadn't been for one curious thing.'
Actual:   'There'dbenorecordsofthecaseifithadn'tbeenforonecuriousthing.'
Type: Other error

Error #161:
Input:    'in one of his pockets was this!" he tapped a photograph with his forefinger, and mr.'
Expected: 'In one of his pockets was this!" He tapped a photograph with his forefinger, and Mr.'
Actual:   'Inoneofhispocketswasthis!'' Hetappedaphotographwithhisforefinger,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #162:
Input:    'teal peered at it with his habitual indifference.'
Expected: 'Teal peered at it with his habitual indifference.'
Actual:   'Tealpeeredatitwithhishabitualindifference.'
Type: Other error

Error #163:
Input:    'it was a picture of a visiting card.'
Expected: 'It was a picture of a visiting card.'
Actual:   'Itwasapictureofavisitingcard.'
Type: Other error

Error #164:
Input:    'in the centre had been sketched a design similar to that on the silver triangle of prester john, and underneath was roughly scrawled, "_february, 1899_." "mr.'
Expected: 'In the centre had been sketched a design similar to that on the silver triangle of Prester John, and underneath was roughly scrawled, "_February, 1899_." "Mr.'
Actual:   'Inthecentrehadbeensketchedadesignsimilartothatonthesilvertriangleofpresterjohn,andunderneathwasroughlyscrawled,``_february,1899_.'' ``Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #165:
Input:    'blaythwayt," said storm, "has just received through the post a similar card, and all that's written under the triangle is _harchester_.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt," said Storm, "has just received through the post a similar card, and all that's written under the triangle is _Harchester_.'
Actual:   'Blaythwayt,''saidstorm,``hasjustreceivedthroughthepostasimilarcard,andallthat'swrittenunderthetriangleis_harchester_.'
Type: Other error

Error #166:
Input:    'what do you know about harchester, teal?" "one of the biggest and best public schools," said mr.'
Expected: 'What do you know about Harchester, Teal?" "One of the biggest and best public schools," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Whatdoyouknowaboutharchester,teal?'' ``oneofthebiggestandbestpublicschools,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #167:
Input:    '"joe blaythwayt was educated there." storm leaned back in his chair and exhaled a thin streamer of smoke.'
Expected: '"Joe Blaythwayt was educated there." Storm leaned back in his chair and exhaled a thin streamer of smoke.'
Actual:   '``joeblaythwaytwaseducatedthere.'' Stormleanedbackinhischairandexhaledathinstreamerofsmoke.'
Type: Other error

Error #168:
Input:    'then he looked at inspector teal and smiled.'
Expected: 'Then he looked at Inspector Teal and smiled.'
Actual:   'Thenhelookedatinspectortealandsmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #169:
Input:    'storm's smile was the most attractive thing about him.'
Expected: 'Storm's smile was the most attractive thing about him.'
Actual:   'Storm'ssmilewasthemostattractivethingabouthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #170:
Input:    'it flickered about his lips for a moment as though he didn't want to give it a chance, and then it broke out--irrepressibly boyish.'
Expected: 'It flickered about his lips for a moment as though he didn't want to give it a chance, and then it broke out--irrepressibly boyish.'
Actual:   'Itflickeredabouthislipsforamomentasthoughhedidn'twanttogiveitachance,andthenitbrokeout -- irrepressiblyboyish.'
Type: Other error

Error #171:
Input:    'it bubbled over with mischief.'
Expected: 'It bubbled over with mischief.'
Actual:   'Itbubbledoverwithmischief.'
Type: Other error

Error #172:
Input:    'head back and a little to one side, eyes dancing, storm smiled.'
Expected: 'Head back and a little to one side, eyes dancing, Storm smiled.'
Actual:   'Headbackandalittletooneside,eyesdancing,stormsmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #173:
Input:    '"absurd be catlicked!" storm said.'
Expected: '"Absurd be catlicked!" Storm said.'
Actual:   '``absurdbecatlicked!'' Stormsaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #174:
Input:    '"teal, this is going to be big!" chapter ii tittle-tattle of mr.'
Expected: '"Teal, this is going to be Big!" CHAPTER II TITTLE-TATTLE OF MR.'
Actual:   '``teal,thisisgoingtobebig!'' Chapteriitittle-tattleofMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #175:
Input:    'teal inspector teal was that unusual type of man who literally takes both pride and pleasure in his employment.'
Expected: 'TEAL Inspector Teal was that unusual type of man who literally takes both pride and pleasure in his employment.'
Actual:   'Tealinspectortealwasthatunusualtypeofmanwholiterallytakesbothprideandpleasureinhisemployment.'
Type: Other error

Error #176:
Input:    'teal loved talking shop, and would do so for hours on end if he found a listener on whom his enthusiasm was not wasted.'
Expected: 'Teal loved talking shop, and would do so for hours on end if he found a listener on whom his enthusiasm was not wasted.'
Actual:   'Teallovedtalkingshop,andwoulddosoforhoursonendifhefoundalisteneronwhomhisenthusiasmwasnotwasted.'
Type: Other error

Error #177:
Input:    'he was never off duty.'
Expected: 'He was never off duty.'
Actual:   'Hewasneveroffduty.'
Type: Other error

Error #178:
Input:    'his leisure hours would always find him sauntering round the preserves of other divisions, listening to gossip in public houses and at coffee stalls, entering queer and unregistered "clubs," and paying friendly calls on eccentric gentlemen not unknown to the records office.'
Expected: 'His leisure hours would always find him sauntering round the preserves of other divisions, listening to gossip in public houses and at coffee stalls, entering queer and unregistered "clubs," and paying friendly calls on eccentric gentlemen not unknown to the Records Office.'
Actual:   'Hisleisurehourswouldalwaysfindhimsaunteringroundthepreservesofotherdivisions,listeningtogossipinpublichousesandatcoffeestalls,enteringqueerandunregistered``clubs,''andpayingfriendlycallsoneccentricgentlemennotunknowntotherecordsoffice.'
Type: Other error

Error #179:
Input:    'criminals, to him, were a race of children--interesting, amusing, and completely human, but occasionally in need of sharp correction.'
Expected: 'Criminals, to him, were a race of children--interesting, amusing, and completely human, but occasionally in need of sharp correction.'
Actual:   'Criminals,tohim,werearaceofchildren -- interesting,amusing,andcompletelyhuman,butoccasionallyinneedofsharpcorrection.'
Type: Other error

Error #180:
Input:    'and when necessity demanded that they be chastised, he haled them to their punishment without resentment.'
Expected: 'And when necessity demanded that they be chastised, he haled them to their punishment without resentment.'
Actual:   'Andwhennecessitydemandedthattheybechastised,hehaledthemtotheirpunishmentwithoutresentment.'
Type: Other error

Error #181:
Input:    'it was his boast that he knew every bad man in london, and he was probably right.'
Expected: 'It was his boast that he knew every bad man in London, and he was probably right.'
Actual:   'Itwashisboastthathekneweverybadmaninlondon,andhewasprobablyright.'
Type: Other error

Error #182:
Input:    'the morning following his discovery of the alpha triangle (already, with that queer instinct for the dramatic which few would have suspected beneath his prosaic exterior, he spelt it with capital letters) inspector teal flowed--there is no other word for his peculiar method of locomotion--in the direction of kensington, for on the left-hand side of church street, behind a door over which hung three golden orbs, lived mr.'
Expected: 'The morning following his discovery of the Alpha Triangle (already, with that queer instinct for the dramatic which few would have suspected beneath his prosaic exterior, he spelt it with capital letters) Inspector Teal flowed--there is no other word for his peculiar method of locomotion--in the direction of Kensington, for on the left-hand side of Church Street, behind a door over which hung three golden orbs, lived Mr.'
Actual:   'Themorningfollowinghisdiscoveryofthealphatriangle(already,withthatqueerinstinctforthedramaticwhichfewwouldhavesuspectedbeneathhisprosaicexterior,hespeltitwithcapitalletters)inspectortealflowed -- thereisnootherwordforhispeculiarmethodoflocomotion -- inthedirectionofkensington,forontheleft-handsideofchurchstreet,behindadooroverwhichhungthreegoldenorbs,livedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #183:
Input:    'eddie--more commonly known as "snooper"--brome.'
Expected: 'Eddie--more commonly known as "Snooper"--Brome.'
Actual:   'Eddie -- morecommonlyknownas``snooper'' -- brome.'
Type: Other error

Error #184:
Input:    'he was a big, florid, shock-headed man with an alarming taste in fancy waistcoats.'
Expected: 'He was a big, florid, shock-headed man with an alarming taste in fancy waistcoats.'
Actual:   'Hewasabig,florid,shock-headedmanwithanalarmingtasteinfancywaistcoats.'
Type: Other error

Error #185:
Input:    'also the reputation of being a receiver of stolen goods.'
Expected: 'Also the reputation of being a receiver of stolen goods.'
Actual:   'Alsothereputationofbeingareceiverofstolengoods.'
Type: Other error

Error #186:
Input:    'teal considered himself lucky to find him in residence, for snooper was a man of erratic habits and rarely attended to his business in person.'
Expected: 'Teal considered himself lucky to find him in residence, for Snooper was a man of erratic habits and rarely attended to his business in person.'
Actual:   'Tealconsideredhimselfluckytofindhiminresidence,forsnooperwasamanoferratichabitsandrarelyattendedtohisbusinessinperson.'
Type: Other error

Error #187:
Input:    '"good morning, snooper," said mr.'
Expected: '"Good morning, Snooper," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``goodmorning,snooper,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #188:
Input:    'teal affably.'
Expected: 'Teal affably.'
Actual:   'Tealaffably.'
Type: Other error

Error #189:
Input:    '"how's trade?" "not too bad," said snooper--trade, with him, was always either "not too bad" or "not too good"--"have a cigar?" the sample he offered was undoubtedly a weed of great price, and mr.'
Expected: '"How's trade?" "Not too bad," said Snooper--trade, with him, was always either "not too bad" or "not too good"--"Have a cigar?" The sample he offered was undoubtedly a weed of great price, and Mr.'
Actual:   '``how'strade?'' ``nottoobad,''saidsnooper -- trade,withhim,wasalwayseither``nottoobad''or``nottoogood'' -- ''haveacigar?'' Thesampleheofferedwasundoubtedlyaweedofgreatprice,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #190:
Input:    'teal sniffed at it suspiciously.'
Expected: 'Teal sniffed at it suspiciously.'
Actual:   'Tealsniffedatitsuspiciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #191:
Input:    '"who gave you this?" he asked, and snooper shook his head.'
Expected: '"Who gave you this?" he asked, and Snooper shook his head.'
Actual:   '``whogaveyouthis?'' Heasked,andsnoopershookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #192:
Input:    '"i cannot," he said unhappily, "get rid of the idea that you suspect me of being a receiver." "you might have made a worse guess," said mr.'
Expected: '"I cannot," he said unhappily, "get rid of the idea that you suspect me of being a receiver." "You might have made a worse guess," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``icannot,''hesaidunhappily,``getridoftheideathatyoususpectmeofbeingareceiver.'' ``youmighthavemadeaworseguess,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #193:
Input:    '"quite easily.'
Expected: '"Quite easily.'
Actual:   '``quiteeasily.'
Type: Other error

Error #194:
Input:    'how are the crooks?'
Expected: 'How are the crooks?'
Actual:   'Howarethecrooks?'
Type: Other error

Error #195:
Input:    'or is 'clients' the correct term?'
Expected: 'Or is 'clients' the correct term?'
Actual:   'Oris'clients'thecorrectterm?'
Type: Other error

Error #196:
Input:    'comrades lew and gat are heading for trouble, you know." "don't know 'em," said eddie.'
Expected: 'Comrades Lew and Gat are heading for trouble, you know." "Don't know 'em," said Eddie.'
Actual:   'Comradeslewandgatareheadingfortrouble,youknow.'' ``don'tknow'em,''saideddie.'
Type: Other error

Error #197:
Input:    '"interesting people, very," said mr.'
Expected: '"Interesting people, very," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``interestingpeople,very,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #198:
Input:    '"especially the educated gat.'
Expected: '"Especially the educated Gat.'
Actual:   '``especiallytheeducatedgat.'
Type: Other error

Error #199:
Input:    'he has the most cherubic blue eyes.'
Expected: 'He has the most cherubic blue eyes.'
Actual:   'Hehasthemostcherubicblueeyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #200:
Input:    'you'd love him." he stirred in his chair sluggishly.'
Expected: 'You'd love him." He stirred in his chair sluggishly.'
Actual:   'You'dlovehim.'' Hestirredinhischairsluggishly.'
Type: Other error

Error #201:
Input:    '"by the way, snooper, there's a friend of mine i'd like to bring along to meet you one day, if you'll let me know when you're at home.'
Expected: '"By the way, Snooper, there's a friend of mine I'd like to bring along to meet you one day, if you'll let me know when you're at home.'
Actual:   '``bytheway,snooper,there'safriendofminei'dliketobringalongtomeetyouoneday,ifyou'llletmeknowwhenyou'reathome.'
Type: Other error

Error #202:
Input:    'he's interested in criminals." mr.'
Expected: 'He's interested in criminals." Mr.'
Actual:   'He'sinterestedincriminals.'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #203:
Input:    'brome shrugged.'
Expected: 'Brome shrugged.'
Actual:   'Bromeshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #204:
Input:    '"i'm afraid my acquaintance with the criminal fraternity won't help him.'
Expected: '"I'm afraid my acquaintance with the criminal fraternity won't help him.'
Actual:   '``i'mafraidmyacquaintancewiththecriminalfraternitywon'thelphim.'
Type: Other error

Error #205:
Input:    'still," he admitted, "like all pawn--er--financial agents, i have had stolen property offered to me.'
Expected: 'Still," he admitted, "like all pawn--er--financial agents, I have had stolen property offered to me.'
Actual:   'Still,''headmitted,``likeallpawn -- er -- financialagents,ihavehadstolenpropertyofferedtome.'
Type: Other error

Error #206:
Input:    'naturally, i immediately notified the police." "on two occasions," supplemented mr.'
Expected: 'Naturally, I immediately notified the police." "On two occasions," supplemented Mr.'
Actual:   'Naturally,iimmediatelynotifiedthepolice.'' ``ontwooccasions,''supplementedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #207:
Input:    '"and the total value of the stuff was exactly two pounds five shillings and ten pence." "i can't help that.'
Expected: '"And the total value of the stuff was exactly two pounds five shillings and ten pence." "I can't help that.'
Actual:   '``andthetotalvalueofthestuffwasexactlytwopoundsfiveshillingsandtenpence.'' ``ican'thelpthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #208:
Input:    'i wish it had been more," said eddie piously.'
Expected: 'I wish it had been more," said Eddie piously.'
Actual:   'Iwishithadbeenmore,''saideddiepiously.'
Type: Other error

Error #209:
Input:    '"i believe you," said mr.'
Expected: '"I believe you," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``ibelieveyou,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #210:
Input:    'he glanced round the room, his heavy-lidded eyes taking in afresh every familiar detail of unostentatious comfort--even luxury.'
Expected: 'He glanced round the room, his heavy-lidded eyes taking in afresh every familiar detail of unostentatious comfort--even luxury.'
Actual:   'Heglancedroundtheroom,hisheavy-liddedeyestakinginafresheveryfamiliardetailofunostentatiouscomfort -- evenluxury.'
Type: Other error

Error #211:
Input:    'there was no suggestion of wealth, but more than a hint of solid well-being.'
Expected: 'There was no suggestion of wealth, but more than a hint of solid well-being.'
Actual:   'Therewasnosuggestionofwealth,butmorethanahintofsolidwell-being.'
Type: Other error

Error #212:
Input:    'looking merely at snooper's waistcoats, one would never have suspected their inhabitant of possessing so artistically furnished a room.'
Expected: 'Looking merely at Snooper's waistcoats, one would never have suspected their inhabitant of possessing so artistically furnished a room.'
Actual:   'Lookingmerelyatsnooper'swaistcoats,onewouldneverhavesuspectedtheirinhabitantofpossessingsoartisticallyfurnishedaroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #213:
Input:    '"you do rather well out of pawn--er--financial agenting," remarked teal absently, and went off at an abrupt angle.'
Expected: '"You do rather well out of pawn--er--financial agenting," remarked Teal absently, and went off at an abrupt angle.'
Actual:   '``youdoratherwelloutofpawn -- er -- financialagenting,''remarkedtealabsently,andwentoffatanabruptangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #214:
Input:    '"are you the philanthropist who's financing birdie sands?" "birdie's hands?" inquired the puzzled mr.'
Expected: '"Are you the philanthropist who's financing Birdie Sands?" "Birdie's hands?" inquired the puzzled Mr.'
Actual:   '``areyouthephilanthropistwho'sfinancingbirdiesands?'' ``birdie'shands?'' InquiredthepuzzledMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #215:
Input:    '"birdie sands," mr.'
Expected: '"Birdie Sands," Mr.'
Actual:   '``birdiesands,''Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #216:
Input:    'teal enunciated clearly and distinctly.'
Expected: 'Teal enunciated clearly and distinctly.'
Actual:   'Tealenunciatedclearlyanddistinctly.'
Type: Other error

Error #217:
Input:    '"strange as it may seem, i was once educated." "i have met a _mister_ sands.'
Expected: '"Strange as it may seem, I was once educated." "I have met a _Mister_ Sands.'
Actual:   '``strangeasitmayseem,iwasonceeducated.'' ``ihavemeta_mister_sands.'
Type: Other error

Error #218:
Input:    'who's this 'birdie' sands?" "a gentleman," said mr.'
Expected: 'Who's this 'Birdie' Sands?" "A gentleman," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Who'sthis'birdie'sands?'' ``agentleman,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #219:
Input:    'teal, "who used to be on the whizz." "on _what_?" demanded the startled snooper.'
Expected: 'Teal, "who used to be on the whizz." "On _what_?" demanded the startled Snooper.'
Actual:   'Teal,``whousedtobeonthewhizz.'' ``on_what_?'' Demandedthestartledsnooper.'
Type: Other error

Error #220:
Input:    '"a pickpocket," explained mr.'
Expected: '"A pickpocket," explained Mr.'
Actual:   '``apickpocket,''explainedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #221:
Input:    'teal patiently.'
Expected: 'Teal patiently.'
Actual:   'Tealpatiently.'
Type: Other error

Error #222:
Input:    '"do you know him?" if mr.'
Expected: '"Do you know him?" If Mr.'
Actual:   '``doyouknowhim?'' IfMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #223:
Input:    'brome did not squawk derisively, his elevated archidiaconal eyebrows rendered such a lamentable exhibition unnecessary.'
Expected: 'Brome did not squawk derisively, his elevated archidiaconal eyebrows rendered such a lamentable exhibition unnecessary.'
Actual:   'Bromedidnotsquawkderisively,hiselevatedarchidiaconaleyebrowsrenderedsuchalamentableexhibitionunnecessary.'
Type: Other error

Error #224:
Input:    '"a low criminal?" he protested.'
Expected: '"A low criminal?" he protested.'
Actual:   '``alowcriminal?'' Heprotested.'
Type: Other error

Error #225:
Input:    '"now, i ask you, mr.'
Expected: '"Now, I ask you, Mr.'
Actual:   '``now,iaskyou,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #226:
Input:    'teal, is it likely?" "taking things all round, i should say it is.'
Expected: 'Teal, is it likely?" "Taking things all round, I should say it is.'
Actual:   'Teal,isitlikely?'' ``takingthingsallround,ishouldsayitis.'
Type: Other error

Error #227:
Input:    'birdie sands," went on the detective, apparently for his own benefit, "is, or was, the best whizzer operating in london.'
Expected: 'Birdie Sands," went on the detective, apparently for his own benefit, "is, or was, the best whizzer operating in London.'
Actual:   'Birdiesands,''wentonthedetective,apparentlyforhisownbenefit,``is,orwas,thebestwhizzeroperatinginlondon.'
Type: Other error

Error #228:
Input:    'he was inside up--to about six weeks ago--that's about twice the time you've been financial agenting, isn't it, by the way?'
Expected: 'He was inside up--to about six weeks ago--that's about twice the time you've been financial agenting, isn't it, by the way?'
Actual:   'Hewasinsideup -- toaboutsixweeksago -- that'sabouttwicethetimeyou'vebeenfinancialagenting,isn'tit,bytheway?'
Type: Other error

Error #229:
Input:    'since then we've had nothing on him, and he seems to have all the money in the world." "he may be going straight," suggested eddie.'
Expected: 'Since then we've had nothing on him, and he seems to have all the money in the world." "He may be going straight," suggested Eddie.'
Actual:   'Sincethenwe'vehadnothingonhim,andheseemstohaveallthemoneyintheworld.'' ``hemaybegoingstraight,''suggestededdie.'
Type: Other error

Error #230:
Input:    '"go straight?" jeered teal drowsily.'
Expected: '"Go straight?" jeered Teal drowsily.'
Actual:   '``gostraight?'' Jeeredtealdrowsily.'
Type: Other error

Error #231:
Input:    '"it's a physical impossibility.'
Expected: '"It's a physical impossibility.'
Actual:   '``it'saphysicalimpossibility.'
Type: Other error

Error #232:
Input:    'that man's a human corkscrew with all the twists case-hardened.'
Expected: 'That man's a human corkscrew with all the twists case-hardened.'
Actual:   'Thatman'sahumancorkscrewwithallthetwistscase-hardened.'
Type: Other error

Error #233:
Input:    'he's a born crook--his mother was a crook and all his fathers were crooks, and birdie was brought up as a crook, borstal trained.'
Expected: 'He's a born crook--his mother was a crook and all his fathers were crooks, and Birdie was brought up as a crook, Borstal trained.'
Actual:   'He'saborncrook -- hismotherwasacrookandallhisfatherswerecrooks,andbirdiewasbroughtupasacrook,borstaltrained.'
Type: Other error

Error #234:
Input:    'why, if you shot him out of a gun he'd tie knots in the barrel." "what happened to the gun you were shot out of when you got that face?" inquired mr.'
Expected: 'Why, if you shot him out of a gun he'd tie knots in the barrel." "What happened to the gun you were shot out of when you got that face?" inquired Mr.'
Actual:   'Why,ifyoushothimoutofagunhe'dtieknotsinthebarrel.'' ``whathappenedtothegunyouwereshotoutofwhenyougotthatface?'' InquiredMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #235:
Input:    'brome vulgarly, but inspector teal failed to bite.'
Expected: 'Brome vulgarly, but Inspector Teal failed to bite.'
Actual:   'Bromevulgarly,butinspectortealfailedtobite.'
Type: Other error

Error #236:
Input:    'he heaved himself laboriously from his chair.'
Expected: 'He heaved himself laboriously from his chair.'
Actual:   'Heheavedhimselflaboriouslyfromhischair.'
Type: Other error

Error #237:
Input:    '"i'm interested," he said, "because when a born-an'-bred crook earns a lot of honest money, it just ain't natural.'
Expected: '"I'm interested," he said, "because when a born-an'-bred crook earns a lot of honest money, it just ain't natural.'
Actual:   '``i'minterested,''hesaid,``becausewhenaborn-an'-bredcrookearnsalotofhonestmoney,itjustain'tnatural.'
Type: Other error

Error #238:
Input:    'i've got a nose for dirty work, and that same nose is worrying me now.'
Expected: 'I've got a nose for dirty work, and that same nose is worrying me now.'
Actual:   'I'vegotanosefordirtywork,andthatsamenoseisworryingmenow.'
Type: Other error

Error #239:
Input:    'when shall i bring my friend along?" "shall we say sunday?" invited mr.'
Expected: 'When shall I bring my friend along?" "Shall we say Sunday?" invited Mr.'
Actual:   'Whenshallibringmyfriendalong?'' ``shallwesaysunday?'' InvitedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #240:
Input:    '"at eight?'
Expected: '"At eight?'
Actual:   '``ateight?'
Type: Other error

Error #241:
Input:    'good-bye." but he stopped teal at the door.'
Expected: 'Good-bye." But he stopped Teal at the door.'
Actual:   'Good-bye.'' Buthestoppedtealatthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #242:
Input:    '"i hope you won't put any ideas into his head," he said anxiously.'
Expected: '"I hope you won't put any ideas into his head," he said anxiously.'
Actual:   '``ihopeyouwon'tputanyideasintohishead,''hesaidanxiously.'
Type: Other error

Error #243:
Input:    'teal regarded him thoughtfully.'
Expected: 'Teal regarded him thoughtfully.'
Actual:   'Tealregardedhimthoughtfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #244:
Input:    '"what i'm afraid of," he replied, "is that he'll put ideas into yours." with that his projected programme was exhausted, but he was destined to have an interesting morning.'
Expected: '"What I'm afraid of," he replied, "is that he'll put ideas into yours." With that his projected programme was exhausted, but he was destined to have an interesting morning.'
Actual:   '``whati'mafraidof,''hereplied,``isthathe'llputideasintoyours.'' Withthathisprojectedprogrammewasexhausted,buthewasdestinedtohaveaninterestingmorning.'
Type: Other error

Error #245:
Input:    'on his way back to the yard he dropped in at walton street police station, near the brompton road, for a chat with the divisional-inspector.'
Expected: 'On his way back to the Yard he dropped in at Walton Street police station, near the Brompton Road, for a chat with the divisional-inspector.'
Actual:   'OnhiswaybacktotheyardhedroppedinatWaltonstreetpolicestation,nearthebromptonroad,forachatwiththedivisional-inspector.'
Type: Other error

Error #246:
Input:    'while he was there a lank, saturnine man entered jauntily.'
Expected: 'While he was there a lank, saturnine man entered jauntily.'
Actual:   'Whilehewastherealank,saturninemanenteredjauntily.'
Type: Other error

Error #247:
Input:    '"james mattock--convict on licence.'
Expected: '"James Mattock--convict on licence.'
Actual:   '``jamesmattock -- convictonlicence.'
Type: Other error

Error #248:
Input:    'i've come to report." inspector teal surged across (as i have said, one has to use extraordinary words to convey his ponderous mode of progression).'
Expected: 'I've come to report." Inspector Teal surged across (as I have said, one has to use extraordinary words to convey his ponderous mode of progression).'
Actual:   'I'vecometoreport.'' Inspectortealsurgedacross(asihavesaid,onehastouseextraordinarywordstoconveyhisponderousmodeofprogression).'
Type: Other error

Error #249:
Input:    '"hullo, mattock," he said.'
Expected: '"Hullo, Mattock," he said.'
Actual:   '``hullo,mattock,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #250:
Input:    '"when did you come out?" "a fortnight ago." mattock's manner did not encourage further conversation, but it took a lot to put off mr.'
Expected: '"When did you come out?" "A fortnight ago." Mattock's manner did not encourage further conversation, but it took a lot to put off Mr.'
Actual:   '``whendidyoucomeout?'' ``afortnightago.'' Mattock'smannerdidnotencouragefurtherconversation,butittookalottoputoffMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #251:
Input:    '"what are you doing now?" the man's thin lips twisted.'
Expected: '"What are you doing now?" The man's thin lips twisted.'
Actual:   '``whatareyoudoingnow?'' Theman'sthinlipstwisted.'
Type: Other error

Error #252:
Input:    'do you want to get me the sack by telling them my past record?" he sneered.'
Expected: 'Do you want to get me the sack by telling them my past record?" he sneered.'
Actual:   'Doyouwanttogetmethesackbytellingthemmypastrecord?'' Hesneered.'
Type: Other error

Error #253:
Input:    '"because if so, you're too late.'
Expected: '"Because if so, you're too late.'
Actual:   '``becauseifso,you'retoolate.'
Type: Other error

Error #254:
Input:    'i thought i'd get in with it before you busies got a chance." "i suppose you picked up that word in wandsworth," said teal.'
Expected: 'I thought I'd get in with it before you busies got a chance." "I suppose you picked up that word in Wandsworth," said Teal.'
Actual:   'Ithoughti'dgetinwithitbeforeyoubusiesgotachance.'' ``isupposeyoupickedupthatwordinwandsworth,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #255:
Input:    '"getting the slang already--a pity.'
Expected: '"Getting the slang already--a pity.'
Actual:   '``gettingtheslangalready -- apity.'
Type: Other error

Error #256:
Input:    'who are 'them'?" "raegenssen's.'
Expected: 'Who are 'them'?" "Raegenssen's.'
Actual:   'Whoare'them'?'' ``raegenssen's.'
Type: Other error

Error #257:
Input:    'i'm head clerk and in practice semi-manager.'
Expected: 'I'm head clerk and in practice semi-manager.'
Actual:   'I'mheadclerkandinpracticesemi-manager.'
Type: Other error

Error #258:
Input:    'they haven't got much of a staff." "that's a pity, too," murmured mr.'
Expected: 'They haven't got much of a staff." "That's a pity, too," murmured Mr.'
Actual:   'Theyhaven'tgotmuchofastaff.'' ``that'sapity,too,''murmuredMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #259:
Input:    '"temptation never did anybody any good; and you weren't built for a crook, mattock." "i'm glad of that," said mattock, surveying mr.'
Expected: '"Temptation never did anybody any good; and you weren't built for a crook, Mattock." "I'm glad of that," said Mattock, surveying Mr.'
Actual:   '``temptationneverdidanybodyanygood;andyouweren'tbuiltforacrook,mattock.'' ``i'mgladofthat,''saidmattock,surveyingMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #260:
Input:    'teal's girth pointedly.'
Expected: 'Teal's girth pointedly.'
Actual:   'Teal'sgirthpointedly.'
Type: Other error

Error #261:
Input:    'teal fingered his chin, his eyes on the other man's face.'
Expected: 'Teal fingered his chin, his eyes on the other man's face.'
Actual:   'Tealfingeredhischin,hiseyesontheotherman'sface.'
Type: Other error

Error #262:
Input:    'it was a refined face, lined bitterly.'
Expected: 'It was a refined face, lined bitterly.'
Actual:   'Itwasarefinedface,linedbitterly.'
Type: Other error

Error #263:
Input:    'the man was educated--teal knew that, for he himself had arrested mattock for his first and only crime.'
Expected: 'The man was educated--Teal knew that, for he himself had arrested Mattock for his first and only crime.'
Actual:   'Themanwaseducated -- tealknewthat,forhehimselfhadarrestedmattockforhisfirstandonlycrime.'
Type: Other error

Error #264:
Input:    'teal also knew what the court that sentenced mattock for forgery never knew--why the crime was committed.'
Expected: 'Teal also knew what the court that sentenced Mattock for forgery never knew--why the crime was committed.'
Actual:   'Tealalsoknewwhatthecourtthatsentencedmattockforforgeryneverknew -- whythecrimewascommitted.'
Type: Other error

Error #265:
Input:    '"let's see," mused teal.'
Expected: '"Let's see," mused Teal.'
Actual:   '``let'ssee,''musedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #266:
Input:    '"hannassay put you away." "that's true." "a cheque--you were his private secretary, weren't you?'
Expected: '"Hannassay put you away." "That's true." "A cheque--you were his private secretary, weren't you?'
Actual:   '``hannassayputyouaway.'' ``that'strue.'' ``acheque -- youwerehisprivatesecretary,weren'tyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #267:
Input:    'and he saw to it you got the full stretch--not even a first offender's chance.'
Expected: 'And he saw to it you got the full stretch--not even a first offender's chance.'
Actual:   'Andhesawtoityougotthefullstretch -- notevenafirstoffender'schance.'
Type: Other error

Error #268:
Input:    'that's right, isn't it?" "it is." mr.'
Expected: 'That's right, isn't it?" "It is." Mr.'
Actual:   'That'sright,isn'tit?'' ``itis.'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #269:
Input:    'teal's contemplative fingering of his chin continued.'
Expected: 'Teal's contemplative fingering of his chin continued.'
Actual:   'Teal'scontemplativefingeringofhischincontinued.'
Type: Other error

Error #270:
Input:    'he would have been better pleased if mattock had been stung to a storm of abuse and threats, for the only dangerous criminal is the one who hugs his grievances.'
Expected: 'He would have been better pleased if Mattock had been stung to a storm of abuse and threats, for the only dangerous criminal is the one who hugs his grievances.'
Actual:   'Hewouldhavebeenbetterpleasedifmattockhadbeenstungtoastormofabuseandthreats,fortheonlydangerouscriminalistheonewhohugshisgrievances.'
Type: Other error

Error #271:
Input:    '"you don't love him much, do you?" "would you?" countered the other.'
Expected: '"You don't love him much, do you?" "Would you?" countered the other.'
Actual:   '``youdon'tlovehimmuch,doyou?'' ``wouldyou?'' Counteredtheother.'
Type: Other error

Error #272:
Input:    '"possibly not," admitted mr.'
Expected: '"Possibly not," admitted Mr.'
Actual:   '``possiblynot,''admittedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #273:
Input:    '"did they ever recover the money you drew on that cheque?'
Expected: '"Did they ever recover the money you drew on that cheque?'
Actual:   '``didtheyeverrecoverthemoneyyoudrewonthatcheque?'
Type: Other error

Error #274:
Input:    'six thousand, wasn't it?'
Expected: 'Six thousand, wasn't it?'
Actual:   'Sixthousand,wasn'tit?'
Type: Other error

Error #275:
Input:    'you must have a tidy bit put away--why go clerking?'
Expected: 'You must have a tidy bit put away--why go clerking?'
Actual:   'Youmusthaveatidybitputaway -- whygoclerking?'
Type: Other error

Error #276:
Input:    'or did joan throw you over?" "that's my business," said mattock icily.'
Expected: 'Or did Joan throw you over?" "That's my business," said Mattock icily.'
Actual:   'Ordidjoanthrowyouover?'' ``that'smybusiness,''saidmattockicily.'
Type: Other error

Error #277:
Input:    '"what exactly are you trying to do, teal--rub in my disgrace, or persuade me to commit another crime so that you can make me a thorough old lag?" mr.'
Expected: '"What exactly are you trying to do, Teal--rub in my disgrace, or persuade me to commit another crime so that you can make me a thorough old lag?" Mr.'
Actual:   '``whatexactlyareyoutryingtodo,teal -- rubinmydisgrace,orpersuademetocommitanothercrimesothatyoucanmakemeathorougholdlag?'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #278:
Input:    'teal shrugged.'
Expected: 'Teal shrugged.'
Actual:   'Tealshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #279:
Input:    'his sleepy eyes were nearly closed.'
Expected: 'His sleepy eyes were nearly closed.'
Actual:   'Hissleepyeyeswerenearlyclosed.'
Type: Other error

Error #280:
Input:    '"i'm sorry you're such a fool, mattock," he drawled.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry you're such a fool, Mattock," he drawled.'
Actual:   '``i'msorryyou'resuchafool,mattock,''hedrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #281:
Input:    '"what i'm trying to do is to save you from making an utter mess of the rest of your life." "thanks," said mattock curtly.'
Expected: '"What I'm trying to do is to save you from making an utter mess of the rest of your life." "Thanks," said Mattock curtly.'
Actual:   '``whati'mtryingtodoistosaveyoufrommakinganuttermessoftherestofyourlife.'' ``thanks,''saidmattockcurtly.'
Type: Other error

Error #282:
Input:    '"and now do you mind going and preaching to someone else?" "i will," promised mr.'
Expected: '"And now do you mind going and preaching to someone else?" "I will," promised Mr.'
Actual:   '``andnowdoyoumindgoingandpreachingtosomeoneelse?'' ``iwill,''promisedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #283:
Input:    '"come along and have lunch, mattock, and let's talk things over." he rolled in to report progress to storm later, and told of an unsatisfactory conversation.'
Expected: '"Come along and have lunch, Mattock, and let's talk things over." He rolled in to report progress to Storm later, and told of an unsatisfactory conversation.'
Actual:   '``comealongandhavelunch,mattock,andlet'stalkthingsover.'' Herolledintoreportprogresstostormlater,andtoldofanunsatisfactoryconversation.'
Type: Other error

Error #284:
Input:    '"he thawed after a bit, but since he was liquid air to start with he wasn't much better than an iceberg even then.'
Expected: '"He thawed after a bit, but since he was liquid air to start with he wasn't much better than an iceberg even then.'
Actual:   '``hethawedafterabit,butsincehewasliquidairtostartwithhewasn'tmuchbetterthananicebergeventhen.'
Type: Other error

Error #285:
Input:    'a card--he was a gentleman all right, once, and still talks like one.'
Expected: 'A card--he was a gentleman all right, once, and still talks like one.'
Actual:   'Acard -- hewasagentlemanallright,once,andstilltalkslikeone.'
Type: Other error

Error #286:
Input:    'one of the somerset mattocks--they had pots of money once, and then went bust.'
Expected: 'One of the Somerset Mattocks--they had pots of money once, and then went bust.'
Actual:   'Oneofthesomersetmattocks -- theyhadpotsofmoneyonce,andthenwentbust.'
Type: Other error

Error #287:
Input:    'mattock fell in with joan sands, birdie's sister.'
Expected: 'Mattock fell in with Joan Sands, Birdie's sister.'
Actual:   'Mattockfellinwithjoansands,birdie'ssister.'
Type: Other error

Error #288:
Input:    'she got very ill.'
Expected: 'She got very ill.'
Actual:   'Shegotveryill.'
Type: Other error

Error #289:
Input:    'said the only way to save her life was to operate and then send her to the south of france for a long rest.'
Expected: 'said the only way to save her life was to operate and then send her to the south of France for a long rest.'
Actual:   'Saidtheonlywaytosaveherlifewastooperateandthensendhertothesouthoffranceforalongrest.'
Type: Other error

Error #290:
Input:    'mattock couldn't pay, and birdie was in stir and never had much money anyway.'
Expected: 'Mattock couldn't pay, and Birdie was in stir and never had much money anyway.'
Actual:   'Mattockcouldn'tpay,andbirdiewasinstirandneverhadmuchmoneyanyway.'
Type: Other error

Error #291:
Input:    'he was defiant and insolent in court, otherwise he might have got off a bit lighter, in spite of all the fuss hannassay kicked up at the time about making examples and so on.'
Expected: 'He was defiant and insolent in court, otherwise he might have got off a bit lighter, in spite of all the fuss Hannassay kicked up at the time about making examples and so on.'
Actual:   'Hewasdefiantandinsolentincourt,otherwisehemighthavegotoffabitlighter,inspiteofallthefusshannassaykickedupatthetimeaboutmakingexamplesandsoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #292:
Input:    'he's the hottest man in the country on crooks, and they all hate him like a pussyfoot hates beer.'
Expected: 'He's the hottest man in the country on crooks, and they all hate him like a pussyfoot hates beer.'
Actual:   'He'sthehottestmaninthecountryoncrooks,andtheyallhatehimlikeapussyfoothatesbeer.'
Type: Other error

Error #293:
Input:    'my own idea is that mattock begged hannassay to help him out and was turned down.'
Expected: 'My own idea is that Mattock begged Hannassay to help him out and was turned down.'
Actual:   'Myownideaisthatmattockbeggedhannassaytohelphimoutandwasturneddown.'
Type: Other error

Error #294:
Input:    'hannassay's as hard as tungsten, in any case." "what about snooper?" asked storm.'
Expected: 'Hannassay's as hard as tungsten, in any case." "What about Snooper?" asked Storm.'
Actual:   'Hannassay'sashardastungsten,inanycase.'' ``whataboutsnooper?'' Askedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #295:
Input:    'teal flicked his chewing gum through the window and replaced it with a fresh slab.'
Expected: 'Teal flicked his chewing gum through the window and replaced it with a fresh slab.'
Actual:   'Tealflickedhischewinggumthroughthewindowandreplaceditwithafreshslab.'
Type: Other error

Error #296:
Input:    '"the flavour _doesn't_ last," he remarked with irrelevant irritation.'
Expected: '"The flavour _doesn't_ last," he remarked with irrelevant irritation.'
Actual:   '``theflavour_doesn't_last,''heremarkedwithirrelevantirritation.'
Type: Other error

Error #297:
Input:    '"oh, snooper.'
Expected: '"Oh, Snooper.'
Actual:   '``oh,snooper.'
Type: Other error

Error #298:
Input:    'we don't know much about him--he's a success so far.'
Expected: 'We don't know much about him--he's a success so far.'
Actual:   'Wedon'tknowmuchabouthim -- he'sasuccesssofar.'
Type: Other error

Error #299:
Input:    'we don't even know where he lives.'
Expected: 'We don't even know where he lives.'
Actual:   'Wedon'tevenknowwherehelives.'
Type: Other error

Error #300:
Input:    'we had him shadowed once, to find out, and he spotted the tail and came storming in here swearing he'd bring a suit against us if it happened again.'
Expected: 'We had him shadowed once, to find out, and he spotted the tail and came storming in here swearing he'd bring a suit against us if it happened again.'
Actual:   'Wehadhimshadowedonce,tofindout,andhespottedthetailandcamestorminginhereswearinghe'dbringasuitagainstusifithappenedagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #301:
Input:    'he'd have won his case, too--we can't tail people unless we've got anything definite to justify it.'
Expected: 'He'd have won his case, too--we can't tail people unless we've got anything definite to justify it.'
Actual:   'He'dhavewonhiscase,too -- wecan'ttailpeopleunlesswe'vegotanythingdefinitetojustifyit.'
Type: Other error

Error #302:
Input:    'he's only been in business for about three months, and as far as anyone can prove he's as innocent as the day.'
Expected: 'He's only been in business for about three months, and as far as anyone can prove he's as innocent as the day.'
Actual:   'He'sonlybeeninbusinessforaboutthreemonths,andasfarasanyonecanprovehe'sasinnocentastheday.'
Type: Other error

Error #303:
Input:    'what i _know_ 's another matter--and that is that in three months he's become the first fence in london." storm nodded and pulled out a drawer, from which he took an envelope.'
Expected: 'What I _know_ 's another matter--and that is that in three months he's become the first fence in London." Storm nodded and pulled out a drawer, from which he took an envelope.'
Actual:   'Whati_know_'sanothermatter -- andthatisthatinthreemonthshe'sbecomethefirstfenceinlondon.'' Stormnoddedandpulledoutadrawer,fromwhichhetookanenvelope.'
Type: Other error

Error #304:
Input:    '"some more souvenirs have come in," he said.'
Expected: '"Some more souvenirs have come in," he said.'
Actual:   '``somemoresouvenirshavecomein,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #305:
Input:    'one by one he spread out three small white caras on the desk.'
Expected: 'One by one he spread out three small white caras on the desk.'
Actual:   'Onebyonehespreadoutthreesmallwhitecarasonthedesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #306:
Input:    'each bore the same symbol in the centre, but the inscriptions differed.'
Expected: 'Each bore the same symbol in the centre, but the inscriptions differed.'
Actual:   'Eachborethesamesymbolinthecentre,buttheinscriptionsdiffered.'
Type: Other error

Error #307:
Input:    'one said simply, "_harchester_." "that's your pal blaythwayt's." on the second was written, "_march 23rd, 1897_." "that was received this morning by the home secretary, sir john marker," said storm.'
Expected: 'One said simply, "_Harchester_." "That's your pal Blaythwayt's." On the second was written, "_March 23rd, 1897_." "That was received this morning by the Home Secretary, Sir John Marker," said Storm.'
Actual:   'Onesaidsimply,``_harchester_.'' ``that'syourpalblaythwayt's.'' Onthesecondwaswritten,``_march23rd,1897_.'' ``thatwasreceivedthismorningbythehomesecretary,sirjohnmarker,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #308:
Input:    'the third similarly bore a date: "_december 2nd, 1899_." "that one went to john cardan, editor of the _record_." storm's faint smile played about his lips.'
Expected: 'The third similarly bore a date: "_December 2nd, 1899_." "That one went to John Cardan, editor of the _Record_." Storm's faint smile played about his lips.'
Actual:   'Thethirdsimilarlyboreadate:``_december2nd,1899_.'' ``thatonewenttojohncardan,editorofthe_record_.'' Storm'sfaintsmileplayedabouthislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #309:
Input:    '"what do you make of it, teal?" inspector teal shook his head.'
Expected: '"What do you make of it, Teal?" Inspector Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   '``whatdoyoumakeofit,teal?'' Inspectortealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #310:
Input:    '"give me time, sir," he murmured.'
Expected: '"Give me time, sir," he murmured.'
Actual:   '``givemetime,sir,''hemurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #311:
Input:    '"a french-english stock-jobber, a bank manager, a cabinet minister, and a newspaper editor.'
Expected: '"A French-English stock-jobber, a bank manager, a Cabinet Minister, and a newspaper editor.'
Actual:   '``afrench-englishstock-jobber,abankmanager,acabinetminister,andanewspapereditor.'
Type: Other error

Error #312:
Input:    'and just dates, except one which has the name of a place.'
Expected: 'And just dates, except one which has the name of a place.'
Actual:   'Andjustdates,exceptonewhichhasthenameofaplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #313:
Input:    'where were they posted?" "in different parts of london.'
Expected: 'Where were they posted?" "In different parts of London.'
Actual:   'Whereweretheyposted?'' ``indifferentpartsoflondon.'
Type: Other error

Error #314:
Input:    'there's not even a threat, you notice.'
Expected: 'There's not even a threat, you notice.'
Actual:   'There'snotevenathreat,younotice.'
Type: Other error

Error #315:
Input:    'just dates and places, which obviously mean something to the man who sent 'em, and may mean something to the men who got 'em.'
Expected: 'Just dates and places, which obviously mean something to the man who sent 'em, and may mean something to the men who got 'em.'
Actual:   'Justdatesandplaces,whichobviouslymeansomethingtothemanwhosent'em,andmaymeansomethingtothemenwhogot'em.'
Type: Other error

Error #316:
Input:    'i want you to push off on that trail for the moment, teal.'
Expected: 'I want you to push off on that trail for the moment, Teal.'
Actual:   'Iwantyoutopushoffonthattrailforthemoment,teal.'
Type: Other error

Error #317:
Input:    'it mayn't lead anywhere, but it may.'
Expected: 'It mayn't lead anywhere, but it may.'
Actual:   'Itmayn'tleadanywhere,butitmay.'
Type: Other error

Error #318:
Input:    'find out what happened to marker on march 23rd, 1897, anything important that happened to blaythwayt at harchester, and anything cardan can remember about december 2nd, 1899." inspector teal sighed.'
Expected: 'Find out what happened to Marker on March 23rd, 1897, anything important that happened to Blaythwayt at Harchester, and anything Cardan can remember about December 2nd, 1899." Inspector Teal sighed.'
Actual:   'Findoutwhathappenedtomarkeronmarch23rd,1897,anythingimportantthathappenedtoblaythwaytatharchester,andanythingcardancanrememberaboutdecember2nd,1899.'' Inspectortealsighed.'
Type: Other error

Error #319:
Input:    '"that sounds like a lifer to me," he groaned, and picked up his hat wearily.'
Expected: '"That sounds like a lifer to me," he groaned, and picked up his hat wearily.'
Actual:   '``thatsoundslikealifertome,''hegroaned,andpickeduphishatwearily.'
Type: Other error

Error #320:
Input:    'he concluded an unproductive round of investigations by spending the evening at a house in the finchley road, where dwelt joe blaythwayt, manager of the lombard street branch of the city and continental bank.'
Expected: 'He concluded an unproductive round of investigations by spending the evening at a house in the Finchley Road, where dwelt Joe Blaythwayt, manager of the Lombard Street branch of the City and Continental Bank.'
Actual:   'Heconcludedanunproductiveroundofinvestigationsbyspendingtheeveningatahouseinthefinchleyroad,wheredweltjoeblaythwayt,managerofthelombardstreetbranchofthecityandcontinentalbank.'
Type: Other error

Error #321:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt was nearly as rotund as himself, but shorter by six inches.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt was nearly as rotund as himself, but shorter by six inches.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaytwasnearlyasrotundashimself,butshorterbysixinches.'
Type: Other error

Error #322:
Input:    'and, whereas mr.'
Expected: 'And, whereas Mr.'
Actual:   'And,whereasMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #323:
Input:    'teal's eyes always seemed to be struggling with an overpowering desire for sleep, blaythwayt's were always alert and twinkling.'
Expected: 'Teal's eyes always seemed to be struggling with an overpowering desire for sleep, Blaythwayt's were always alert and twinkling.'
Actual:   'Teal'seyesalwaysseemedtobestrugglingwithanoverpoweringdesireforsleep,blaythwayt'swerealwaysalertandtwinkling.'
Type: Other error

Error #324:
Input:    'these evenings, during which they played piquet and discussed crime and criminals, detectives and detection (these are four different subjects) were among the relaxations of mr.'
Expected: 'These evenings, during which they played piquet and discussed crime and criminals, detectives and detection (these are four different subjects) were among the relaxations of Mr.'
Actual:   'Theseevenings,duringwhichtheyplayedpiquetanddiscussedcrimeandcriminals,detectivesanddetection(thesearefourdifferentsubjects)wereamongtherelaxationsofMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #325:
Input:    'teal's life.'
Expected: 'Teal's life.'
Actual:   'Teal'slife.'
Type: Other error

Error #326:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt had a crimson taste in fiction, and absorbed mr.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt had a crimson taste in fiction, and absorbed Mr.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaythadacrimsontasteinfiction,andabsorbedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #327:
Input:    'teal's practical knowledge eagerly.'
Expected: 'Teal's practical knowledge eagerly.'
Actual:   'Teal'spracticalknowledgeeagerly.'
Type: Other error

Error #328:
Input:    'it is, of course, unusual for a policeman to be the especial friend of a bank manager; but then, inspector teal's friends were a queerly mixed crowd.'
Expected: 'It is, of course, unusual for a policeman to be the especial friend of a bank manager; but then, Inspector Teal's friends were a queerly mixed crowd.'
Actual:   'Itis,ofcourse,unusualforapolicemantobetheespecialfriendofabankmanager;butthen,inspectorteal'sfriendswereaqueerlymixedcrowd.'
Type: Other error

Error #329:
Input:    'blaythwayt was reading a novel with a distinctly intriguing cover, but he put it away on teal's arrival.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt was reading a novel with a distinctly intriguing cover, but he put it away on Teal's arrival.'
Actual:   'Blaythwaytwasreadinganovelwithadistinctlyintriguingcover,butheputitawayonteal'sarrival.'
Type: Other error

Error #330:
Input:    '"that book," he said, jerking a disgusted thumb in the direction of the offending volume, "that book is supposed to deal with the exploits of a master criminal, and already he's made four mistakes which even a policeman couldn't miss." teal grinned languidly and took his usual chair.'
Expected: '"That book," he said, jerking a disgusted thumb in the direction of the offending volume, "that book is supposed to deal with the exploits of a master criminal, and already he's made four mistakes which even a policeman couldn't miss." Teal grinned languidly and took his usual chair.'
Actual:   '``thatbook,''hesaid,jerkingadisgustedthumbinthedirectionoftheoffendingvolume,``thatbookissupposedtodealwiththeexploitsofamastercriminal,andalreadyhe'smadefourmistakeswhichevenapolicemancouldn'tmiss.'' Tealgrinnedlanguidlyandtookhisusualchair.'
Type: Other error

Error #331:
Input:    '"you'd better write a book yourself and show 'em how to do it." "i've started!" announced joe.'
Expected: '"You'd better write a book yourself and show 'em how to do it." "I've started!" announced Joe.'
Actual:   '``you'dbetterwriteabookyourselfandshow'emhowtodoit.'' ``i'vestarted!'' Announcedjoe.'
Type: Other error

Error #332:
Input:    '"two minds, etcetera.'
Expected: '"Two minds, etcetera.'
Actual:   '``twominds,etcetera.'
Type: Other error

Error #333:
Input:    'it'll be the greatest detective story ever written.'
Expected: 'It'll be the greatest detective story ever written.'
Actual:   'It'llbethegreatestdetectivestoryeverwritten.'
Type: Other error

Error #334:
Input:    'everyone will buy it." "will anybody publish it?" inquired the practical mr.'
Expected: 'Everyone will buy it." "Will anybody publish it?" inquired the practical Mr.'
Actual:   'Everyonewillbuyit.'' ``willanybodypublishit?'' InquiredthepracticalMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #335:
Input:    '"how do you get a book published?" asked blaythwayt.'
Expected: '"How do you get a book published?" asked Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   '``howdoyougetabookpublished?'' Askedblaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #336:
Input:    '"send it to a publisher and enclose enough stamps to pay for him sending it back," pronounced the detective, and joe's round face lengthened as he visualised the sordid difficulties of a literary career.'
Expected: '"Send it to a publisher and enclose enough stamps to pay for him sending it back," pronounced the detective, and Joe's round face lengthened as he visualised the sordid difficulties of a literary career.'
Actual:   '``sendittoapublisherandencloseenoughstampstopayforhimsendingitback,''pronouncedthedetective,andjoe'sroundfacelengthenedashevisualisedthesordiddifficultiesofaliterarycareer.'
Type: Other error

Error #337:
Input:    'but he soon brightened up.'
Expected: 'But he soon brightened up.'
Actual:   'Buthesoonbrightenedup.'
Type: Other error

Error #338:
Input:    '"it'll be great," he enthused.'
Expected: '"It'll be great," he enthused.'
Actual:   '``it'llbegreat,''heenthused.'
Type: Other error

Error #339:
Input:    '"i'm writing it in the first person, and i shall commit impossible crimes.'
Expected: '"I'm writing it in the first person, and I shall commit impossible crimes.'
Actual:   '``i'mwritingitinthefirstperson,andishallcommitimpossiblecrimes.'
Type: Other error

Error #340:
Input:    'i shall never be caught." "let's hope not," grunted teal.'
Expected: 'I shall never be caught." "Let's hope not," grunted Teal.'
Actual:   'Ishallneverbecaught.'' ``let'shopenot,''gruntedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #341:
Input:    '"i'd hate having to arrest you.'
Expected: '"I'd hate having to arrest you.'
Actual:   '``i'dhatehavingtoarrestyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #342:
Input:    'besides, crooks are only romantic characters in fiction." "it'll be in the form of a diary, and----" "where are the cards?" asked mr.'
Expected: 'Besides, crooks are only romantic characters in fiction." "It'll be in the form of a diary, and----" "Where are the cards?" asked Mr.'
Actual:   'Besides,crooksareonlyromanticcharactersinfiction.'' ``it'llbeintheformofadiary,and --  -- ''``wherearethecards?'' AskedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #343:
Input:    'teal slumbrously.'
Expected: 'Teal slumbrously.'
Actual:   'Tealslumbrously.'
Type: Other error

Error #344:
Input:    'during the intervals of the game, he recounted his experiences of the day, for blaythwayt was a great student of contemporary crime.'
Expected: 'During the intervals of the game, he recounted his experiences of the day, for Blaythwayt was a great student of contemporary crime.'
Actual:   'Duringtheintervalsofthegame,herecountedhisexperiencesoftheday,forblaythwaytwasagreatstudentofcontemporarycrime.'
Type: Other error

Error #345:
Input:    'also, he delighted his friend by telling him that a real live criminal had consented to be at home when they called.'
Expected: 'Also, he delighted his friend by telling him that a real live criminal had consented to be at home when they called.'
Actual:   'Also,hedelightedhisfriendbytellinghimthatareallivecriminalhadconsentedtobeathomewhentheycalled.'
Type: Other error

Error #346:
Input:    '"i think you must peeve snooper," said blaythwayt.'
Expected: '"I think you must peeve Snooper," said Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   '``ithinkyoumustpeevesnooper,''saidblaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #347:
Input:    '"you do try the magazine detective stunt--trying to make people think you know everything." "nearly everything," corrected teal modestly.'
Expected: '"You do try the magazine detective stunt--trying to make people think you know everything." "Nearly everything," corrected Teal modestly.'
Actual:   '``youdotrythemagazinedetectivestunt -- tryingtomakepeoplethinkyouknoweverything.'' ``nearlyeverything,''correctedtealmodestly.'
Type: Other error

Error #348:
Input:    '"if you know everything you know nearly everything," said joe sententiously, and mr.'
Expected: '"If you know everything you know nearly everything," said Joe sententiously, and Mr.'
Actual:   '``ifyouknoweverythingyouknownearlyeverything,''saidjoesententiously,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #349:
Input:    'teal stared at him.'
Expected: 'Teal stared at him.'
Actual:   'Tealstaredathim.'
Type: Other error

Error #350:
Input:    '"you've been going to one of these modern plays," he accused.'
Expected: '"You've been going to one of these modern plays," he accused.'
Actual:   '``you'vebeengoingtooneofthesemodernplays,''heaccused.'
Type: Other error

Error #351:
Input:    '"i've been studying the stage with a view to dramatising my book.'
Expected: '"I've been studying the stage with a view to dramatising my book.'
Actual:   '``i'vebeenstudyingthestagewithaviewtodramatisingmybook.'
Type: Other error

Error #352:
Input:    'that sort of thing goes well.'
Expected: 'That sort of thing goes well.'
Actual:   'Thatsortofthinggoeswell.'
Type: Other error

Error #353:
Input:    'look at _raffles_." "you didn't write _raffles_," said mr.'
Expected: 'Look at _Raffles_." "You didn't write _Raffles_," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Lookat_raffles_.'' ``youdidn'twrite_raffles_,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #354:
Input:    'teal crushingly.'
Expected: 'Teal crushingly.'
Actual:   'Tealcrushingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #355:
Input:    'they played out two more hands in silence, and then blaythwayt looked up brightly.'
Expected: 'They played out two more hands in silence, and then Blaythwayt looked up brightly.'
Actual:   'Theyplayedouttwomorehandsinsilence,andthenblaythwaytlookedupbrightly.'
Type: Other error

Error #356:
Input:    '"at least," he said, "i can stump you." "carry on," suggested teal.'
Expected: '"At least," he said, "I can stump you." "Carry on," suggested Teal.'
Actual:   '``atleast,''hesaid,``icanstumpyou.'' ``carryon,''suggestedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #357:
Input:    '"who is christopher arden?" "my chief, _pro tem_.'
Expected: '"Who is Christopher Arden?" "My chief, _pro tem_.'
Actual:   '``whoischristopherarden?'' ``mychief,_protem_.'
Type: Other error

Error #358:
Input:    'he got into special branch through the assistant commissioner, and he's all right--you can take that from me.'
Expected: 'He got into Special Branch through the Assistant Commissioner, and he's all right--you can take that from me.'
Actual:   'Hegotintospecialbranchthroughtheassistantcommissioner,andhe'sallright -- youcantakethatfromme.'
Type: Other error

Error #359:
Input:    'he's one of these tough young soldiers of fortune.'
Expected: 'He's one of these tough young soldiers of fortune.'
Actual:   'He'soneofthesetoughyoungsoldiersoffortune.'
Type: Other error

Error #360:
Input:    'he'll never settle down.'
Expected: 'He'll never settle down.'
Actual:   'He'llneversettledown.'
Type: Other error

Error #361:
Input:    'he joined up in the ranks at sixteen, and came out at the end of the war a captain.'
Expected: 'He joined up in the ranks at sixteen, and came out at the end of the war a captain.'
Actual:   'Hejoinedupintheranksatsixteen,andcameoutattheendofthewaracaptain.'
Type: Other error

Error #362:
Input:    'ever met him?" "no." "you'd like him.'
Expected: 'Ever met him?" "No." "You'd like him.'
Actual:   'Evermethim?'' ``no.'' ``you'dlikehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #363:
Input:    'he's big, and strong as they're made.'
Expected: 'He's big, and strong as they're made.'
Actual:   'He'sbig,andstrongasthey'remade.'
Type: Other error

Error #364:
Input:    'he talks like a quick-firing gun, and he's got a nerve that'd make a refrigerator look like a quiet corner in hell.'
Expected: 'He talks like a quick-firing gun, and he's got a nerve that'd make a refrigerator look like a quiet corner in hell.'
Actual:   'Hetalkslikeaquick-firinggun,andhe'sgotanervethat'dmakearefrigeratorlooklikeaquietcornerinhell.'
Type: Other error

Error #365:
Input:    'he's one of these cool, casual devils who could get on to a bus politely during the rush hour--and get on first!" "that's off the point," said blaythwayt, "i know all that.'
Expected: 'He's one of these cool, casual devils who could get on to a bus politely during the rush hour--and get on first!" "That's off the point," said Blaythwayt, "I know all that.'
Actual:   'He'soneofthesecool,casualdevilswhocouldgetontoabuspolitelyduringtherushhour -- andgetonfirst!'' ``that'soffthepoint,''saidblaythwayt,``iknowallthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #366:
Input:    'you've told me about him once before.'
Expected: 'You've told me about him once before.'
Actual:   'You'vetoldmeabouthimoncebefore.'
Type: Other error

Error #367:
Input:    'i didn't ask _what_ he is, but _who_ he is." "christopher arden," said mr.'
Expected: 'I didn't ask _what_ he is, but _who_ he is." "Christopher Arden," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Ididn'task_what_heis,but_who_heis.'' ``christopherarden,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #368:
Input:    'blaythwayt smiled triumphantly.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt smiled triumphantly.'
Actual:   'Blaythwaytsmiledtriumphantly.'
Type: Other error

Error #369:
Input:    '"that stumped you!'
Expected: '"That stumped you!'
Actual:   '``thatstumpedyou!'
Type: Other error

Error #370:
Input:    'i came across it quite by accident, and if you hadn't mentioned the name i shouldn't have done anything about it.'
Expected: 'I came across it quite by accident, and if you hadn't mentioned the name I shouldn't have done anything about it.'
Actual:   'Icameacrossitquitebyaccident,andifyouhadn'tmentionedthenameishouldn'thavedoneanythingaboutit.'
Type: Other error

Error #371:
Input:    'i scented a coincidence and i got one.'
Expected: 'I scented a coincidence and I got one.'
Actual:   'Iscentedacoincidenceandigotone.'
Type: Other error

Error #372:
Input:    'someone took him out of a workhouse at the age of two, but who put him in?" "i'll buy it," said teal.'
Expected: 'Someone took him out of a workhouse at the age of two, but who put him in?" "I'll buy it," said Teal.'
Actual:   'Someonetookhimoutofaworkhouseattheageoftwo,butwhoputhimin?'' ``i'llbuyit,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #373:
Input:    '"he's got a good bit of money, too, hasn't he?'
Expected: '"He's got a good bit of money, too, hasn't he?'
Actual:   '``he'sgotagoodbitofmoney,too,hasn'the?'
Type: Other error

Error #374:
Input:    'well, he may have picked up a bit on his travels--according to you, he's tackled a few risky and paying jobs--but you can't go pearling or bootlegging or running revolutions without capital." "i know that one," murmured the somnambulous teal.'
Expected: 'Well, he may have picked up a bit on his travels--according to you, he's tackled a few risky and paying jobs--but you can't go pearling or bootlegging or running revolutions without capital." "I know that one," murmured the somnambulous Teal.'
Actual:   'Well,hemayhavepickedupabitonhistravels -- accordingtoyou,he'stackledafewriskyandpayingjobs -- butyoucan'tgopearlingorbootleggingorrunningrevolutionswithoutcapital.'' ``iknowthatone,''murmuredthesomnambulousteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #375:
Input:    '"an uncle died and left him ten thousand.'
Expected: '"An uncle died and left him ten thousand.'
Actual:   '``anunclediedandlefthimtenthousand.'
Type: Other error

Error #376:
Input:    'the solicitors traced him somehow." "what was the name of the uncle?" "i don't know, and it isn't my business," said teal bluntly.'
Expected: 'The solicitors traced him somehow." "What was the name of the uncle?" "I don't know, and it isn't my business," said Teal bluntly.'
Actual:   'Thesolicitorstracedhimsomehow.'' ``whatwasthenameoftheuncle?'' ``idon'tknow,anditisn'tmybusiness,''saidtealbluntly.'
Type: Other error

Error #377:
Input:    '"if kennedy says a man's all right, he is all right.'
Expected: '"If Kennedy says a man's all right, he is all right.'
Actual:   '``ifkennedysaysaman'sallright,heisallright.'
Type: Other error

Error #378:
Input:    'what are you getting at, joe?" "you ought to play about a bit in somerset house," said blaythwayt.'
Expected: 'What are you getting at, Joe?" "You ought to play about a bit in Somerset House," said Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   'Whatareyougettingat,joe?'' ``yououghttoplayaboutabitinsomersethouse,''saidblaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #379:
Input:    'teal blinked.'
Expected: 'Teal blinked.'
Actual:   'Tealblinked.'
Type: Other error

Error #380:
Input:    'it was the only evidence he gave that he was interested.'
Expected: 'It was the only evidence he gave that he was interested.'
Actual:   'Itwastheonlyevidencehegavethathewasinterested.'
Type: Other error

Error #381:
Input:    'on his way home to his modest lodging near victoria he dropped in at the albany to report his discoveries, such as they were.'
Expected: 'On his way home to his modest lodging near Victoria he dropped in at the Albany to report his discoveries, such as they were.'
Actual:   'Onhiswayhometohismodestlodgingnearvictoriahedroppedinatthealbanytoreporthisdiscoveries,suchastheywere.'
Type: Other error

Error #382:
Input:    'he found storm arrayed in a suit of wonderfully jazzed silk pyjamas and a staggering silk dressing-gown, seated in a comfortable armchair in front of the open window, his bare feet propped up on the sill and a slim volume of kipling on his knees.'
Expected: 'He found Storm arrayed in a suit of wonderfully jazzed silk pyjamas and a staggering silk dressing-gown, seated in a comfortable armchair in front of the open window, his bare feet propped up on the sill and a slim volume of Kipling On his knees.'
Actual:   'Hefoundstormarrayedinasuitofwonderfullyjazzedsilkpyjamasandastaggeringsilkdressing-gown,seatedinacomfortablearmchairinfrontoftheopenwindow,hisbarefeetproppeduponthesillandaslimvolumeofkiplingonhisknees.'
Type: Other error

Error #383:
Input:    '"what news, teal?" mr.'
Expected: '"What news, Teal?" Mr.'
Actual:   '``whatnews,teal?'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #384:
Input:    'teal pulled up a chair and accepted the proffered cigarette.'
Expected: 'Teal pulled up a chair and accepted the proffered cigarette.'
Actual:   'Tealpulledupachairandacceptedtheprofferedcigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #385:
Input:    '"very little," he confessed.'
Expected: '"Very little," he confessed.'
Actual:   '``verylittle,''heconfessed.'
Type: Other error

Error #386:
Input:    '"joe blaythwayt says he never made an enemy at harchester--in fact, he was very popular.'
Expected: '"Joe Blaythwayt says he never made an enemy at Harchester--in fact, he was very popular.'
Actual:   '``joeblaythwaytsayshenevermadeanenemyatharchester -- infact,hewasverypopular.'
Type: Other error

Error #387:
Input:    'harchester's a great rugger school, and joe used to be a star three-quarter before he put on weight.'
Expected: 'Harchester's a great Rugger school, and Joe used to be a star three-quarter before he put on weight.'
Actual:   'Harchester'sagreatruggerschool,andjoeusedtobeastarthree-quarterbeforeheputonweight.'
Type: Other error

Error #388:
Input:    'cardan can't remember a thing.'
Expected: 'Cardan can't remember a thing.'
Actual:   'Cardancan'trememberathing.'
Type: Other error

Error #389:
Input:    'marker's the only man who could remember anything at all, and all he knew was that in march, 1897--he can't swear to the exact date--he got into parliament at the clayston bye-election, and got married a week later on the strength of it." "it isn't much to go on," storm admitted ruefully.'
Expected: 'Marker's the only man who could remember anything at all, and all he knew was that in March, 1897--he can't swear to the exact date--he got into Parliament at the Clayston bye-election, and got married a week later on the strength of it." "It isn't much to go on," Storm admitted ruefully.'
Actual:   'Marker'stheonlymanwhocouldrememberanythingatall,andallheknewwasthatinmarch,1897 -- hecan'tsweartotheexactdate -- hegotintoparliamentattheclaystonbye-election,andgotmarriedaweeklateronthestrengthofit.'' ``itisn'tmuchtogoon,''stormadmittedruefully.'
Type: Other error

Error #390:
Input:    '"i'll talk to marker to-morrow.'
Expected: '"I'll talk to Marker to-morrow.'
Actual:   '``i'lltalktomarkerto-morrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #391:
Input:    'i suppose we can look up who opposed him at clayston, though i don't suppose there's much in that.'
Expected: 'I suppose we can look up who opposed him at Clayston, though I don't suppose there's much in that.'
Actual:   'Isupposewecanlookupwhoopposedhimatclayston,thoughidon'tsupposethere'smuchinthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #392:
Input:    'now look here." he reached out for an envelope that lay on the table beside him, and from it he drew a card which he laid in teal's hand.'
Expected: 'Now look here." He reached out for an envelope that lay on the table beside him, and from it he drew a card which he laid in Teal's hand.'
Actual:   'Nowlookhere.'' Hereachedoutforanenvelopethatlayonthetablebesidehim,andfromithedrewacardwhichhelaidinteal'shand.'
Type: Other error

Error #393:
Input:    '"that came round from the yard after dinner.'
Expected: '"That came round from the Yard after dinner.'
Actual:   '``thatcameroundfromtheyardafterdinner.'
Type: Other error

Error #394:
Input:    'raegenssen brought it in--got it this afternoon." the card and the sketch were by this time familiar to mr.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen brought it in--got it this afternoon." The card and the sketch were by this time familiar to Mr.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenbroughtitin -- gotitthisafternoon.'' ThecardandthesketchwerebythistimefamiliartoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #395:
Input:    'underneath was the legend, "_april 1st, 1928_." inspector teal shook his head.'
Expected: 'Underneath was the legend, "_April 1st, 1928_." Inspector Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   'Underneathwasthelegend,``_april1st,1928_.'' Inspectortealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #396:
Input:    '"there's been a mistake," he said.'
Expected: '"There's been a mistake," he said.'
Actual:   '``there'sbeenamistake,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #397:
Input:    '"that one ought to have come to me.'
Expected: '"That one ought to have come to me.'
Actual:   '``thatoneoughttohavecometome.'
Type: Other error

Error #398:
Input:    'april the first is my birthday!" chapter iii advantages of respectability snooper brome was not a man who was noted for his love of fresh air and exercise.'
Expected: 'April the First is my birthday!" CHAPTER III ADVANTAGES OF RESPECTABILITY Snooper Brome was not a man who was noted for his love of fresh air and exercise.'
Actual:   'Aprilthefirstismybirthday!'' Chapteriiiadvantagesofrespectabilitysnooperbromewasnotamanwhowasnotedforhisloveoffreshairandexercise.'
Type: Other error

Error #399:
Input:    'in fact, none of his clients had ever seen him except in the small, comfortable room in church street, where he transacted business with the favoured few who were privileged to deal with him personally.'
Expected: 'In fact, none of his clients had ever seen him except in the small, comfortable room in Church Street, where he transacted business with the favoured few who were privileged to deal with him personally.'
Actual:   'Infact,noneofhisclientshadeverseenhimexceptinthesmall,comfortableroominchurchstreet,wherehetransactedbusinesswiththefavouredfewwhowereprivilegedtodealwithhimpersonally.'
Type: Other error

Error #400:
Input:    'he came and went secretly, and discouraged interest in his movements.'
Expected: 'He came and went secretly, and discouraged interest in his movements.'
Actual:   'Hecameandwentsecretly,anddiscouragedinterestinhismovements.'
Type: Other error

Error #401:
Input:    'on this particular day, however, there was no furtiveness about him.'
Expected: 'On this particular day, however, there was no furtiveness about him.'
Actual:   'Onthisparticularday,however,therewasnofurtivenessabouthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #402:
Input:    'he sauntered slowly through kensington gardens, an exceptionally brilliant waistcoat proclaiming his approach several hundred yards in advance of his person, emerged into exhibition road, and strolled on down that wide, barren thoroughfare.'
Expected: 'He sauntered slowly through Kensington Gardens, an exceptionally brilliant waistcoat proclaiming his approach several hundred yards in advance of his person, emerged into Exhibition Road, and strolled on down that wide, barren thoroughfare.'
Actual:   'Hesaunteredslowlythroughkensingtongardens,anexceptionallybrilliantwaistcoatproclaiminghisapproachseveralhundredyardsinadvanceofhisperson,emergedintoexhibitionroad,andstrolledondownthatwide,barrenthoroughfare.'
Type: Other error

Error #403:
Input:    'at least one man followed his progress, and snooper permitted himself to smile faintly.'
Expected: 'At least one man followed his progress, and Snooper permitted himself to smile faintly.'
Actual:   'Atleastonemanfollowedhisprogress,andsnooperpermittedhimselftosmilefaintly.'
Type: Other error

Error #404:
Input:    'on your right-hand side as you walk down from the park is a tube subway which leads to south kensington station.'
Expected: 'On your right-hand side as you walk down from the Park is a tube subway which leads to South Kensington Station.'
Actual:   'Onyourright-handsideasyouwalkdownfromtheparkisatubesubwaywhichleadstosouthkensingtonstation.'
Type: Other error

Error #405:
Input:    'into this wandered mr.'
Expected: 'Into this wandered Mr.'
Actual:   'IntothiswanderedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #406:
Input:    'brome, continued about fifty yards, and stopped to light a cigar--a process which took him some time.'
Expected: 'Brome, continued about fifty yards, and stopped to light a cigar--a process which took him some time.'
Actual:   'Brome,continuedaboutfiftyyards,andstoppedtolightacigar -- aprocesswhichtookhimsometime.'
Type: Other error

Error #407:
Input:    'satisfied at last that anyone who was interested in his destination had hurried onto the station by the overground route to pick him up again as he left the tunnel, mr.'
Expected: 'Satisfied at last that anyone who was interested in his destination had hurried onto the station by the overground route to pick him up again as he left the tunnel, Mr.'
Actual:   'Satisfiedatlastthatanyonewhowasinterestedinhisdestinationhadhurriedontothestationbytheovergroundroutetopickhimupagainasheleftthetunnel,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #408:
Input:    'brome turned about, left the subway where he had entered it, buttoned his coat over his fancy waistcoat, and made his way briskly into queen's gate.'
Expected: 'Brome turned about, left the subway where he had entered it, buttoned his coat over his fancy waistcoat, and made his way briskly into Queen's Gate.'
Actual:   'Brometurnedabout,leftthesubwaywherehehadenteredit,buttonedhiscoatoverhisfancywaistcoat,andmadehiswaybrisklyintoqueen'sgate.'
Type: Other error

Error #409:
Input:    'just before he reached the entrance of a block of flats he stopped to relight his cigar, and took the opportunity of glancing keenly up and down the road.'
Expected: 'Just before he reached the entrance of a block of flats he stopped to relight his cigar, and took the opportunity of glancing keenly up and down the road.'
Actual:   'Justbeforehereachedtheentranceofablockofflatshestoppedtorelighthiscigar,andtooktheopportunityofglancingkeenlyupanddowntheroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #410:
Input:    'joan sands was curled up on a sofa reading when he rang the bell, and she was not pleased when she saw who her visitor was.'
Expected: 'Joan Sands was curled up on a sofa reading when he rang the bell, and she was not pleased when she saw who her visitor was.'
Actual:   'Joansandswascurleduponasofareadingwhenherangthebell,andshewasnotpleasedwhenshesawwhohervisitorwas.'
Type: Other error

Error #411:
Input:    '"i don't remember inviting you," she said.'
Expected: '"I don't remember inviting you," she said.'
Actual:   '``idon'trememberinvitingyou,''shesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #412:
Input:    '"i happen to be alone, so you'd better go." he pushed her aside without offence, and led the way into the sitting-room.'
Expected: '"I happen to be alone, so you'd better go." He pushed her aside without offence, and led the way into the sitting-room.'
Actual:   '``ihappentobealone,soyou'dbettergo.'' Hepushedherasidewithoutoffence,andledthewayintothesitting-room.'
Type: Other error

Error #413:
Input:    '"this isn't much of a place," he remarked, glancing around him disparagingly.'
Expected: '"This isn't much of a place," he remarked, glancing around him disparagingly.'
Actual:   '``thisisn'tmuchofaplace,''heremarked,glancingaroundhimdisparagingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #414:
Input:    '"couldn't you and jimmy have done better than this on six thousand?" "you might leave jimmy out of it, if you don't mind," she told him briefly.'
Expected: '"Couldn't you and Jimmy have done better than this on six thousand?" "You might leave Jimmy out of it, if you don't mind," she told him briefly.'
Actual:   '``couldn'tyouandjimmyhavedonebetterthanthisonsixthousand?'' ``youmightleavejimmyoutofit,ifyoudon'tmind,''shetoldhimbriefly.'
Type: Other error

Error #415:
Input:    '"also, as i've already said, you weren't asked to come, so if you don't like it you know what to do." "what's jimmy doing now?" he pursued.'
Expected: '"Also, as I've already said, you weren't asked to come, so if you don't like it you know what to do." "What's Jimmy doing now?" he pursued.'
Actual:   '``also,asi'vealreadysaid,youweren'taskedtocome,soifyoudon'tlikeityouknowwhattodo.'' ``what'sjimmydoingnow?'' Hepursued.'
Type: Other error

Error #416:
Input:    '"working." "and what are you doing?" she frowned at him contemptuously, and he laughed.'
Expected: '"Working." "And what are you doing?" She frowned at him contemptuously, and he laughed.'
Actual:   '``working.'' ``andwhatareyoudoing?'' Shefrownedathimcontemptuously,andhelaughed.'
Type: Other error

Error #417:
Input:    '"no need to get annoyed, joan.'
Expected: '"No need to get annoyed, Joan.'
Actual:   '``noneedtogetannoyed,joan.'
Type: Other error

Error #418:
Input:    'i've got some good news for you.'
Expected: 'I've got some good news for you.'
Actual:   'I'vegotsomegoodnewsforyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #419:
Input:    'there's a nice flat in cornwall house waiting for someone to live in.'
Expected: 'There's a nice flat in Cornwall House waiting for someone to live in.'
Actual:   'There'saniceflatincornwallhousewaitingforsomeonetolivein.'
Type: Other error

Error #420:
Input:    'it's big--there's a huge panelled dining-room, a sitting-room you could lose yourself in that cost six hundred pounds to furnish, and two bedrooms that'd make a queen happy.'
Expected: 'It's big--there's a huge panelled dining-room, a sitting-room you could lose yourself in that cost six hundred pounds to furnish, and two bedrooms that'd make a queen happy.'
Actual:   'It'sbig -- there'sahugepanelleddining-room,asitting-roomyoucouldloseyourselfinthatcostsixhundredpoundstofurnish,andtwobedroomsthat'dmakeaqueenhappy.'
Type: Other error

Error #421:
Input:    'and the apex is paying for it and offering you an allowance of two thousand a year for overhead expenses.'
Expected: 'And the Apex is paying for it and offering you an allowance of two thousand a year for overhead expenses.'
Actual:   'Andtheapexispayingforitandofferingyouanallowanceoftwothousandayearforoverheadexpenses.'
Type: Other error

Error #422:
Input:    'how does that appeal to you, joan?" she nodded.'
Expected: 'How does that appeal to you, Joan?" She nodded.'
Actual:   'Howdoesthatappealtoyou,joan?'' Shenodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #423:
Input:    'and he has a key and drops in any night he feels like it.'
Expected: 'And he has a key and drops in any night he feels like it.'
Actual:   'Andhehasakeyanddropsinanynighthefeelslikeit.'
Type: Other error

Error #424:
Input:    'no, thank you, snooper!" he was almost pathetically shocked at her frankness.'
Expected: 'No, thank you, Snooper!" He was almost pathetically shocked at her frankness.'
Actual:   'No,thankyou,snooper!'' Hewasalmostpatheticallyshockedatherfrankness.'
Type: Other error

Error #425:
Input:    '"no, no--not that--good lord, joan!'
Expected: '"No, no--not that--Good Lord, Joan!'
Actual:   '``no,no -- notthat -- goodlord,joan!'
Type: Other error

Error #426:
Input:    'wouldn't have dreamed of suggesting it--don't know what made you imagine such a thing." "brought up the way i was, you get that sort of imagination," she informed him coolly.'
Expected: 'Wouldn't have dreamed of suggesting it--don't know what made you imagine such a thing." "Brought up the way I was, you get that sort of imagination," she informed him coolly.'
Actual:   'Wouldn'thavedreamedofsuggestingit -- don'tknowwhatmadeyouimaginesuchathing.'' ``broughtupthewayiwas,yougetthatsortofimagination,''sheinformedhimcoolly.'
Type: Other error

Error #427:
Input:    '"if it isn't that, what's the game?'
Expected: '"If it isn't that, what's the game?'
Actual:   '``ifitisn'tthat,what'sthegame?'
Type: Other error

Error #428:
Input:    'don't tell me there's a philanthropist behind it, because i shall shriek with laughter." he fidgeted while she sat down and lighted a cigarette.'
Expected: 'Don't tell me there's a philanthropist behind it, because I shall shriek with laughter." He fidgeted while she sat down and lighted a cigarette.'
Actual:   'Don'ttellmethere'saphilanthropistbehindit,becauseishallshriekwithlaughter.'' Hefidgetedwhileshesatdownandlightedacigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #429:
Input:    'it was a side of him she had never seen before, and she would have mocked at the idea of a fence being so sensitive if his distress had not been so palpably sincere.'
Expected: 'It was a side of him she had never seen before, and she would have mocked at the idea of a fence being so sensitive if his distress had not been so palpably sincere.'
Actual:   'Itwasasideofhimshehadneverseenbefore,andshewouldhavemockedattheideaofafencebeingsosensitiveifhisdistresshadnotbeensopalpablysincere.'
Type: Other error

Error #430:
Input:    '"it's the triangle," he said presently.'
Expected: '"It's the Triangle," he said presently.'
Actual:   '``it'sthetriangle,''hesaidpresently.'
Type: Other error

Error #431:
Input:    '"we've got to have several places in different parts of london, and that flat'll be one of them.'
Expected: '"We've got to have several places in different parts of London, and that flat'll be one of them.'
Actual:   '``we'vegottohaveseveralplacesindifferentpartsoflondon,andthatflat'llbeoneofthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #432:
Input:    'all you have to do is to live there and spend your allowance any way you like.'
Expected: 'All you have to do is to live there and spend your allowance any way you like.'
Actual:   'Allyouhavetodoistolivethereandspendyourallowanceanywayyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #433:
Input:    'in return, any member must be able to come and go as he pleases.'
Expected: 'In return, any member must be able to come and go as he pleases.'
Actual:   'Inreturn,anymembermustbeabletocomeandgoashepleases.'
Type: Other error

Error #434:
Input:    'the place is really two small flats knocked into one, so there are two entrances.'
Expected: 'The place is really two small flats knocked into one, so there are two entrances.'
Actual:   'Theplaceisreallytwosmallflatsknockedintoone,sotherearetwoentrances.'
Type: Other error

Error #435:
Input:    'if you like, you can lock yourself in half of it at night, and you can have both the keys of one entrance.'
Expected: 'If you like, you can lock yourself in half of it at night, and you can have both the keys of one entrance.'
Actual:   'Ifyoulike,youcanlockyourselfinhalfofitatnight,andyoucanhaveboththekeysofoneentrance.'
Type: Other error

Error #436:
Input:    'i'll have a special lock put on the communicating doors, too, if that'll make you feel more comfortable.'
Expected: 'I'll have a special lock put on the communicating doors, too, if that'll make you feel more comfortable.'
Actual:   'I'llhaveaspeciallockputonthecommunicatingdoors,too,ifthat'llmakeyoufeelmorecomfortable.'
Type: Other error

Error #437:
Input:    'the only thing is to have some solid tenant--when big expensive flats aren't occupied the splits are liable to be a little curious, and we can't afford to take risks.'
Expected: 'The only thing is to have some solid tenant--when big expensive flats aren't occupied the splits are liable to be a little curious, and we can't afford to take risks.'
Actual:   'Theonlythingistohavesomesolidtenant -- whenbigexpensiveflatsaren'toccupiedthesplitsareliabletobealittlecurious,andwecan'taffordtotakerisks.'
Type: Other error

Error #438:
Input:    'won't you think it over again, joan?" she looked at him through a wreath of smoke.'
Expected: 'Won't you think it over again, Joan?" She looked at him through a wreath of smoke.'
Actual:   'Won'tyouthinkitoveragain,joan?'' Shelookedathimthroughawreathofsmoke.'
Type: Other error

Error #439:
Input:    '"who is the apex--who are the triangle, for that matter?" she asked him directly, and his agitation froze into a menacing stillness.'
Expected: '"Who is the Apex--who are the Triangle, for that matter?" she asked him directly, and his agitation froze into a menacing stillness.'
Actual:   '``whoistheapex -- whoarethetriangle,forthatmatter?'' Sheaskedhimdirectly,andhisagitationfrozeintoamenacingstillness.'
Type: Other error

Error #440:
Input:    '"that doesn't matter to you," he said.'
Expected: '"That doesn't matter to you," he said.'
Actual:   '``thatdoesn'tmattertoyou,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #441:
Input:    '"all you need to know is that you're part of it, joan, and you do as you're told." she stood up and set the long cigarette-holder carefully between her white teeth.'
Expected: '"All you need to know is that you're part of it, Joan, and you do as you're told." She stood up and set the long cigarette-holder carefully between her white teeth.'
Actual:   '``allyouneedtoknowisthatyou'repartofit,joan,andyoudoasyou'retold.'' Shestoodupandsetthelongcigarette-holdercarefullybetweenherwhiteteeth.'
Type: Other error

Error #442:
Input:    'hands thrust down into the pockets of her boyish coat, she stared him straight in the eyes.'
Expected: 'Hands thrust down into the pockets of her boyish coat, she stared him straight in the eyes.'
Actual:   'Handsthrustdownintothepocketsofherboyishcoat,shestaredhimstraightintheeyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #443:
Input:    '"my name happens to be sands, with a miss in front of it," she said steadily.'
Expected: '"My name happens to be Sands, with a Miss in front of it," she said steadily.'
Actual:   '``mynamehappenstobesands,withamissinfrontofit,''shesaidsteadily.'
Type: Other error

Error #444:
Input:    '"all this joaning is getting on my nerves.'
Expected: '"All this Joaning is getting on my nerves.'
Actual:   '``allthisjoaningisgettingonmynerves.'
Type: Other error

Error #445:
Input:    'and as for the triangle--i don't suppose i shall ever go to heaven, but i certainly don't intend to go to aylesbury!'
Expected: 'And as for the Triangle--I don't suppose I shall ever go to heaven, but I certainly don't intend to go to Aylesbury!'
Actual:   'Andasforthetriangle -- idon'tsupposeishallevergotoheaven,buticertainlydon'tintendtogotoaylesbury!'
Type: Other error

Error #446:
Input:    'i'll do my gold-digging where i don't have to trust a lot of other crooks with my safety.'
Expected: 'I'll do my gold-digging where I don't have to trust a lot of other crooks with my safety.'
Actual:   'I'lldomygold-diggingwhereidon'thavetotrustalotofothercrookswithmysafety.'
Type: Other error

Error #447:
Input:    'i'll take on your job, snooper, but listen to this: i came into this triangle of yours on the understanding that the crooked side of it didn't touch me, and i meant it.'
Expected: 'I'll take on your job, Snooper, but listen to this: I came into this Triangle of yours on the understanding that the crooked side of it didn't touch me, and I meant it.'
Actual:   'I'lltakeonyourjob,snooper,butlistentothis:icameintothistriangleofyoursontheunderstandingthatthecrookedsideofitdidn'ttouchme,andimeantit.'
Type: Other error

Error #448:
Input:    'if you'll have those locks fixed, you can billet your crooks on me, because i want big money, and i want it bad.'
Expected: 'If you'll have those locks fixed, you can billet your crooks on me, because I want big money, and I want it bad.'
Actual:   'Ifyou'llhavethoselocksfixed,youcanbilletyourcrooksonme,becauseiwantbigmoney,andiwantitbad.'
Type: Other error

Error #449:
Input:    'i'll take a chance of the busies getting on to me, but they'll never get me inside even as an accessory.'
Expected: 'I'll take a chance of the busies getting on to me, but they'll never get me inside even as an accessory.'
Actual:   'I'lltakeachanceofthebusiesgettingontome,butthey'llnevergetmeinsideevenasanaccessory.'
Type: Other error

Error #450:
Input:    'when do i move?" "this afternoon," said snooper shortly.'
Expected: 'When do I move?" "This afternoon," said Snooper shortly.'
Actual:   'Whendoimove?'' ``thisafternoon,''saidsnoopershortly.'
Type: Other error

Error #451:
Input:    '"and you can drop the high-and-mighty tone, miss sands.'
Expected: '"And you can drop the high-and-mighty tone, Miss Sands.'
Actual:   '``andyoucandropthehigh-and-mightytone,misssands.'
Type: Other error

Error #452:
Input:    'it cuts no ice.'
Expected: 'It cuts no ice.'
Actual:   'Itcutsnoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #453:
Input:    'you're a crook, even if they don't know you on the embankment--your brother's hardly ever out of stir, and the pair of you come straight from a family of crooks." she opened the door and waved her hand towards the tiny hall.'
Expected: 'You're a crook, even if they don't know you on the Embankment--your brother's hardly ever out of stir, and the pair of you come straight from a family of crooks." She opened the door and waved her hand towards the tiny hall.'
Actual:   'You'reacrook,eveniftheydon'tknowyouontheembankment -- yourbrother'shardlyeveroutofstir,andthepairofyoucomestraightfromafamilyofcrooks.'' Sheopenedthedoorandwavedherhandtowardsthetinyhall.'
Type: Other error

Error #454:
Input:    '"i don't intend to breed a family of triangles, anyway," she remarked, and closed the door in his face.'
Expected: '"I don't intend to breed a family of Triangles, anyway," she remarked, and closed the door in his face.'
Actual:   '``idon'tintendtobreedafamilyoftriangles,anyway,''sheremarked,andclosedthedoorinhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #455:
Input:    'james mattock, returning that evening, was informed that "mrs.'
Expected: 'James Mattock, returning that evening, was informed that "Mrs.'
Actual:   'Jamesmattock,returningthatevening,wasinformedthat``Mrs.'
Type: Other error

Error #456:
Input:    'mattock" had left, and read the note that was waiting for him uneasily.'
Expected: 'Mattock" had left, and read the note that was waiting for him uneasily.'
Actual:   'Mattock''hadleft,andreadthenotethatwaswaitingforhimuneasily.'
Type: Other error

Error #457:
Input:    'he found her already installed in the flat in cornwall house, and looked around at the palatial furnishing perplexedly.'
Expected: 'He found her already installed in the flat in Cornwall House, and looked around at the palatial furnishing perplexedly.'
Actual:   'Hefoundheralreadyinstalledintheflatincornwallhouse,andlookedaroundatthepalatialfurnishingperplexedly.'
Type: Other error

Error #458:
Input:    '"what's this, joan?" he asked.'
Expected: '"What's this, Joan?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``what'sthis,joan?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #459:
Input:    '"oh, a matchbox on stilts," she said sarcastically.'
Expected: '"Oh, a matchbox on stilts," she said sarcastically.'
Actual:   '``oh,amatchboxonstilts,''shesaidsarcastically.'
Type: Other error

Error #460:
Input:    '"what did you think it was--a tram?" she was stretched out in a deep-cushioned chair, her kimono lightly sashed about her, her little bare feet pillowed in the deep pile of the carpet.'
Expected: '"What did you think it was--a tram?" She was stretched out in a deep-cushioned chair, her kimono lightly sashed about her, her little bare feet pillowed in the deep pile of the carpet.'
Actual:   '``whatdidyouthinkitwas -- atram?'' Shewasstretchedoutinadeep-cushionedchair,herkimonolightlysashedabouther,herlittlebarefeetpillowedinthedeeppileofthecarpet.'
Type: Other error

Error #461:
Input:    'her fluffy golden hair was elaborately untidy.'
Expected: 'Her fluffy golden hair was elaborately untidy.'
Actual:   'Herfluffygoldenhairwaselaboratelyuntidy.'
Type: Other error

Error #462:
Input:    'she was arrestingly pretty and attractive.'
Expected: 'She was arrestingly pretty and attractive.'
Actual:   'Shewasarrestinglyprettyandattractive.'
Type: Other error

Error #463:
Input:    '"who are you waiting for?" mattock demanded roughly, but she shook her head and held out a silk-sheathed arm.'
Expected: '"Who are you waiting for?" Mattock demanded roughly, but she shook her head and held out a silk-sheathed arm.'
Actual:   '``whoareyouwaitingfor?'' Mattockdemandedroughly,butsheshookherheadandheldoutasilk-sheathedarm.'
Type: Other error

Error #464:
Input:    '"only you, jimmy.'
Expected: '"Only you, Jimmy.'
Actual:   '``onlyyou,jimmy.'
Type: Other error

Error #465:
Input:    'i'm sorry i was snappy just now.'
Expected: 'I'm sorry I was snappy just now.'
Actual:   'I'msorryiwassnappyjustnow.'
Type: Other error

Error #466:
Input:    'i've had rather a trying day." "poor kid!" he knelt down beside her and laid an arm about her shoulders.'
Expected: 'I've had rather a trying day." "Poor kid!" He knelt down beside her and laid an arm about her shoulders.'
Actual:   'I'vehadratheratryingday.'' ``poorkid!'' Hekneltdownbesideherandlaidanarmabouthershoulders.'
Type: Other error

Error #467:
Input:    '"but, joan, who's paying for this?'
Expected: '"But, Joan, who's paying for this?'
Actual:   '``but,joan,who'spayingforthis?'
Type: Other error

Error #468:
Input:    'we can't afford anything like this--it must cost thousands!" "no--it's bringing us thousands," she said.'
Expected: 'We can't afford anything like this--it must cost thousands!" "No--it's bringing us thousands," she said.'
Actual:   'Wecan'taffordanythinglikethis -- itmustcostthousands!'' ``no -- it'sbringingusthousands,''shesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #469:
Input:    '"two thousand a year, and we need it.'
Expected: '"Two thousand a year, and we need it.'
Actual:   '``twothousandayear,andweneedit.'
Type: Other error

Error #470:
Input:    'and all it means is letting a few men come in and out.'
Expected: 'And all it means is letting a few men come in and out.'
Actual:   'Andallitmeansislettingafewmencomeinandout.'
Type: Other error

Error #471:
Input:    'i'll tell you----" he stood up suddenly and clutched her wrists fiercely.'
Expected: 'I'll tell you----" He stood up suddenly and clutched her wrists fiercely.'
Actual:   'I'lltellyou --  -- ''hestoodupsuddenlyandclutchedherwristsfiercely.'
Type: Other error

Error #472:
Input:    '_joan!_" his voice was tense with agony.'
Expected: '_Joan!_" His voice was tense with agony.'
Actual:   '_joan!_''hisvoicewastensewithagony.'
Type: Other error

Error #473:
Input:    '"oh, my darling, what have you done this for?'
Expected: '"Oh, my darling, what have you done this for?'
Actual:   '``oh,mydarling,whathaveyoudonethisfor?'
Type: Other error

Error #474:
Input:    'i've got a job.'
Expected: 'I've got a job.'
Actual:   'I'vegotajob.'
Type: Other error

Error #475:
Input:    'good--good god, joan----" "no--no--_listen_, jimmy!'
Expected: 'Good--good God, Joan----" "No--no--_listen_, Jimmy!'
Actual:   'Good -- goodgod,joan --  -- ''``no -- no -- _listen_,jimmy!'
Type: Other error

Error #476:
Input:    'you've got it all wrong.'
Expected: 'You've got it all wrong.'
Actual:   'You'vegotitallwrong.'
Type: Other error

Error #477:
Input:    'yes, it _is_ crooked, in a way," she went on desperately.'
Expected: 'Yes, it _is_ crooked, in a way," she went on desperately.'
Actual:   'Yes,it_is_crooked,inaway,''shewentondesperately.'
Type: Other error

Error #478:
Input:    '"it's some silly gang.'
Expected: '"It's some silly gang.'
Actual:   '``it'ssomesillygang.'
Type: Other error

Error #479:
Input:    'i don't know what they're after, but i'm not in it.'
Expected: 'I don't know what they're after, but I'm not in it.'
Actual:   'Idon'tknowwhatthey'reafter,buti'mnotinit.'
Type: Other error

Error #480:
Input:    'only they want a place to--to come to, sometimes, and there must be somebody always living there, and as i'm one of them, they got me." "but----" "oh, yes, i know!'
Expected: 'Only they want a place to--to come to, sometimes, and there must be somebody always living there, and as I'm one of them, they got me." "But----" "Oh, yes, I know!'
Actual:   'Onlytheywantaplaceto -- tocometo,sometimes,andtheremustbesomebodyalwayslivingthere,andasi'moneofthem,theygotme.'' ``but --  -- ''``oh,yes,iknow!'
Type: Other error

Error #481:
Input:    'i said i'd given it up, but i couldn't.'
Expected: 'I said I'd given it up, but I couldn't.'
Actual:   'Isaidi'dgivenitup,buticouldn't.'
Type: Other error

Error #482:
Input:    'they've got a hold on me that i can't break--that you can't break.'
Expected: 'They've got a hold on me that I can't break--that you can't break.'
Actual:   'They'vegotaholdonmethatican'tbreak -- thatyoucan'tbreak.'
Type: Other error

Error #483:
Input:    'the only way to break it is expensive, and i've got to have that money.'
Expected: 'The only way to break it is expensive, and I've got to have that money.'
Actual:   'Theonlywaytobreakitisexpensive,andi'vegottohavethatmoney.'
Type: Other error

Error #484:
Input:    'look--doesn't that mean anything to you?" she drew back the sleeve and showed him her forearm, holding it up close to his eyes.'
Expected: 'Look--doesn't that mean anything to you?" She drew back the sleeve and showed him her forearm, holding it up close to his eyes.'
Actual:   'Look -- doesn'tthatmeananythingtoyou?'' Shedrewbackthesleeveandshowedhimherforearm,holdingitupclosetohiseyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #485:
Input:    'it showed the faint marks of several small punctures, but mattock only shook his head.'
Expected: 'It showed the faint marks of several small punctures, but Mattock only shook his head.'
Actual:   'Itshowedthefaintmarksofseveralsmallpunctures,butmattockonlyshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #486:
Input:    '"i don't know what it is," he said dully.'
Expected: '"I don't know what it is," he said dully.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowwhatitis,''hesaiddully.'
Type: Other error

Error #487:
Input:    '"but, of course, i'm a fool anyway...." he sank into a chair and covered his face with his hands.'
Expected: '"But, of course, I'm a fool anyway...." He sank into a chair and covered his face with his hands.'
Actual:   '``but,ofcourse,i'mafoolanyway....''hesankintoachairandcoveredhisfacewithhishands.'
Type: Other error

Error #488:
Input:    'she went on her knees beside him and pressed herself close to him.'
Expected: 'She went on her knees beside him and pressed herself close to him.'
Actual:   'Shewentonherkneesbesidehimandpressedherselfclosetohim.'
Type: Other error

Error #489:
Input:    '"jimmy----" "oh, yes...'
Expected: '"Jimmy----" "Oh, yes...'
Actual:   '``jimmy --  -- ''``oh,yes...'
Type: Other error

Error #490:
Input:    'joan..." he took her hand and fondled it, and then he pressed it to his lips.'
Expected: 'Joan..." He took her hand and fondled it, and then he pressed it to his lips.'
Actual:   'Joan...''hetookherhandandfondledit,andthenhepressedittohislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #491:
Input:    'it was a very long time before he spoke again.'
Expected: 'It was a very long time before he spoke again.'
Actual:   'Itwasaverylongtimebeforehespokeagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #492:
Input:    '"i'm sorry.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry.'
Actual:   '``i'msorry.'
Type: Other error

Error #493:
Input:    'i'm making a fool of myself.'
Expected: 'I'm making a fool of myself.'
Actual:   'I'mmakingafoolofmyself.'
Type: Other error

Error #494:
Input:    'but i was afraid." the words fell from his lips in a painful monotone.'
Expected: 'But I was afraid." The words fell from his lips in a painful monotone.'
Actual:   'Butiwasafraid.'' Thewordsfellfromhislipsinapainfulmonotone.'
Type: Other error

Error #495:
Input:    '"i'll go out for a walk.'
Expected: '"I'll go out for a walk.'
Actual:   '``i'llgooutforawalk.'
Type: Other error

Error #496:
Input:    'i'll feel better then." storm, following susan into the leroy that night, saw the hatless figure striding madly down piccadilly and was puzzled.'
Expected: 'I'll feel better then." Storm, following Susan into the Leroy that night, saw the hatless figure striding madly down Piccadilly and was puzzled.'
Actual:   'I'llfeelbetterthen.'' Storm,followingsusanintotheleroythatnight,sawthehatlessfigurestridingmadlydownpiccadillyandwaspuzzled.'
Type: Other error

Error #497:
Input:    '"you _are_ doing something," susan accused him.'
Expected: '"You _are_ doing something," Susan accused him.'
Actual:   '``you_are_doingsomething,''susanaccusedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #498:
Input:    '"i saw you this morning with a detective--mr.'
Expected: '"I saw you this morning with a detective--Mr.'
Actual:   '``isawyouthismorningwithadetective -- Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #499:
Input:    'teal." "i was being arrested," he said solemnly.'
Expected: 'Teal." "I was being arrested," he said solemnly.'
Actual:   'Teal.'' ``iwasbeingarrested,''hesaidsolemnly.'
Type: Other error

Error #500:
Input:    '"the charge was barratry, champerty, and attempted gum-boils, with complications.'
Expected: '"The charge was barratry, champerty, and attempted gum-boils, with complications.'
Actual:   '``thechargewasbarratry,champerty,andattemptedgum-boils,withcomplications.'
Type: Other error

Error #501:
Input:    'i explained that i was a quaker and had never eaten tripe, so after ringing up carter paterson's to verify my alibi they let me go." "i know he was a detective, because he's been in to see lord hannassay.'
Expected: 'I explained that I was a Quaker and had never eaten tripe, so after ringing up Carter Paterson's to verify my alibi they let me go." "I know he was a detective, because he's been in to see Lord Hannassay.'
Actual:   'Iexplainedthatiwasaquakerandhadnevereatentripe,soafterringingupcarterpaterson'stoverifymyalibitheyletmego.'' ``iknowhewasadetective,becausehe'sbeenintoseelordhannassay.'
Type: Other error

Error #502:
Input:    'have you become a detective?" "not yet," he assured her, "though i hope to rise to that later.'
Expected: 'Have you become a detective?" "Not yet," he assured her, "though I hope to rise to that later.'
Actual:   'Haveyoubecomeadetective?'' ``notyet,''heassuredher,``thoughihopetorisetothatlater.'
Type: Other error

Error #503:
Input:    'at present i'm looking for a job.'
Expected: 'At present I'm looking for a job.'
Actual:   'Atpresenti'mlookingforajob.'
Type: Other error

Error #504:
Input:    'i suppose you couldn't get me a master carpenter's ticket or a wood-repairer's diploma, could you?" "what on earth do you want that for?" she asked, and storm laughed.'
Expected: 'I suppose you couldn't get me a master carpenter's ticket or a wood-repairer's diploma, could you?" "What on earth do you want that for?" she asked, and Storm laughed.'
Actual:   'Isupposeyoucouldn'tgetmeamastercarpenter'sticketorawood-repairer'sdiploma,couldyou?'' ``whatonearthdoyouwantthatfor?'' Sheasked,andstormlaughed.'
Type: Other error

Error #505:
Input:    '"i'm interested in a saw-mill," he said gravely, "and i want to get inside it.'
Expected: '"I'm interested in a saw-mill," he said gravely, "and I want to get inside it.'
Actual:   '``i'minterestedinasaw-mill,''hesaidgravely,``andiwanttogetinsideit.'
Type: Other error

Error #506:
Input:    'unfortunately the owner discourages visitors--and i'm curious!'
Expected: 'Unfortunately the owner discourages visitors--and I'm curious!'
Actual:   'Unfortunatelytheownerdiscouragesvisitors -- andi'mcurious!'
Type: Other error

Error #507:
Input:    'i want to rubber round that saw-mill!'
Expected: 'I want to rubber round that saw-mill!'
Actual:   'Iwanttorubberroundthatsaw-mill!'
Type: Other error

Error #508:
Input:    'why have a saw-mill in billingsgate?'
Expected: 'Why have a saw-mill in Billingsgate?'
Actual:   'Whyhaveasaw-millinbillingsgate?'
Type: Other error

Error #509:
Input:    'why not in tottenham court road or bloomsbury?'
Expected: 'Why not in Tottenham Court Road or Bloomsbury?'
Actual:   'Whynotintottenhamcourtroadorbloomsbury?'
Type: Other error

Error #510:
Input:    'they're just as aristocratic." that faint smile of his flickered on his lips provocatively, and she knew him too well to question him further.'
Expected: 'They're just as aristocratic." That faint smile of his flickered on his lips provocatively, and she knew him too well to question him further.'
Actual:   'They'rejustasaristocratic.'' Thatfaintsmileofhisflickeredonhislipsprovocatively,andsheknewhimtoowelltoquestionhimfurther.'
Type: Other error

Error #511:
Input:    '"a man's been following me about all day," she told him later.'
Expected: '"A man's been following me about all day," she told him later.'
Actual:   '``aman'sbeenfollowingmeaboutallday,''shetoldhimlater.'
Type: Other error

Error #512:
Input:    '"i don't know what he wants, but he worries me.'
Expected: '"I don't know what he wants, but he worries me.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowwhathewants,butheworriesme.'
Type: Other error

Error #513:
Input:    'he hasn't tried to speak to me or anything like that--just trails round behind me wherever i go." "i'm being followed too," he said with a lightness he didn't feel.'
Expected: 'He hasn't tried to speak to me or anything like that--just trails round behind me wherever I go." "I'm being followed too," he said with a lightness he didn't feel.'
Actual:   'Hehasn'ttriedtospeaktomeoranythinglikethat -- justtrailsroundbehindmewhereverigo.'' ``i'mbeingfollowedtoo,''hesaidwithalightnesshedidn'tfeel.'
Type: Other error

Error #514:
Input:    '"and my man isn't a detective, either!'
Expected: '"And my man isn't a detective, either!'
Actual:   '``andmymanisn'tadetective,either!'
Type: Other error

Error #515:
Input:    'i'll tell you--we're beautiful, and he's an artist.'
Expected: 'I'll tell you--we're beautiful, and he's an artist.'
Actual:   'I'lltellyou -- we'rebeautiful,andhe'sanartist.'
Type: Other error

Error #516:
Input:    'we shall be on the walls of burlington house next year.'
Expected: 'We shall be on the walls of Burlington House next year.'
Actual:   'Weshallbeonthewallsofburlingtonhousenextyear.'
Type: Other error

Error #517:
Input:    'or have you been married secretly and are we going to be compromised?" "stop fooling, storm," she commanded.'
Expected: 'Or have you been married secretly and are we going to be compromised?" "Stop fooling, Storm," she commanded.'
Actual:   'Orhaveyoubeenmarriedsecretlyandarewegoingtobecompromised?'' ``stopfooling,storm,''shecommanded.'
Type: Other error

Error #518:
Input:    'he grinned.'
Expected: 'He grinned.'
Actual:   'Hegrinned.'
Type: Other error

Error #519:
Input:    '"my dear soul, what else can one do?'
Expected: '"My dear soul, what else can one do?'
Actual:   '``mydearsoul,whatelsecanonedo?'
Type: Other error

Error #520:
Input:    'i'll push your little playmate's face in if you like, but you'll only have another man in his place to-morrow.'
Expected: 'I'll push your little playmate's face in if you like, but you'll only have another man in his place to-morrow.'
Actual:   'I'llpushyourlittleplaymate'sfaceinifyoulike,butyou'llonlyhaveanothermaninhisplaceto-morrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #521:
Input:    'everybody's being followed--it must be a new game!'
Expected: 'Everybody's being followed--it must be a new game!'
Actual:   'Everybody'sbeingfollowed -- itmustbeanewgame!'
Type: Other error

Error #522:
Input:    'raegenssen's being followed, and sir john marker's being followed, and joe blaythwayt's being followed, and john cardan's being followed, and sir john marker's private secretary's being followed, and i'm being followed, and inspector teal's being followed, and----" "don't you know what's at the back of it?" "i know what, but i'd perjure my soul to know who!" said storm.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen's being followed, and Sir John Marker's being followed, and Joe Blaythwayt's being followed, and John Cardan's being followed, and Sir John Marker's private secretary's being followed, and I'm being followed, and Inspector Teal's being followed, and----" "Don't you know what's at the back of it?" "I know what, but I'd perjure my soul to know who!" said Storm.'
Actual:   'Raegenssen'sbeingfollowed,andsirjohnmarker'sbeingfollowed,andjoeblaythwayt'sbeingfollowed,andjohncardan'sbeingfollowed,andsirjohnmarker'sprivatesecretary'sbeingfollowed,andi'mbeingfollowed,andinspectorteal'sbeingfollowed,and --  -- ''``don'tyouknowwhat'satthebackofit?'' ``iknowwhat,buti'dperjuremysoultoknowwho!'' Saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #523:
Input:    '"and i take back what i said the other day.'
Expected: '"And I take back what I said the other day.'
Actual:   '``anditakebackwhatisaidtheotherday.'
Type: Other error

Error #524:
Input:    'respectability's exciting!'
Expected: 'Respectability's exciting!'
Actual:   'Respectability'sexciting!'
Type: Other error

Error #525:
Input:    'it's the fiercest sport in the whole wide world bar haggis-shooting!'
Expected: 'It's the fiercest sport in the whole wide world bar haggis-shooting!'
Actual:   'It'sthefiercestsportinthewholewideworldbarhaggis-shooting!'
Type: Other error

Error #526:
Input:    'everyone's turning respectable now, even the crooks, just for the fun of the thing.'
Expected: 'Everyone's turning respectable now, even the crooks, just for the fun of the thing.'
Actual:   'Everyone'sturningrespectablenow,eventhecrooks,justforthefunofthething.'
Type: Other error

Error #527:
Input:    'just look over to your right--that little cherub at the next table but one.'
Expected: 'Just look over to your right--that little cherub at the next table but one.'
Actual:   'Justlookovertoyourright -- thatlittlecherubatthenexttablebutone.'
Type: Other error

Error #528:
Input:    'he's my little pet!'
Expected: 'He's my little pet!'
Actual:   'He'smylittlepet!'
Type: Other error

Error #529:
Input:    'my name's mary, and he's a scorching lamb.'
Expected: 'My name's Mary, and he's a scorching lamb.'
Actual:   'Myname'smary,andhe'sascorchinglamb.'
Type: Other error

Error #530:
Input:    'we're inseparable, like castor and pollux or swan and edgar." he waved a friendly hand to the small neatly dressed man at the adjoining table, and grinned when his salutation was coldly ignored.'
Expected: 'We're inseparable, like Castor and Pollux or Swan and Edgar." He waved a friendly hand to the small neatly dressed man at the adjoining table, and grinned when his salutation was coldly ignored.'
Actual:   'We'reinseparable,likecastorandpolluxorswanandedgar.'' Hewavedafriendlyhandtothesmallneatlydressedmanattheadjoiningtable,andgrinnedwhenhissalutationwascoldlyignored.'
Type: Other error

Error #531:
Input:    'the girl was mystified.'
Expected: 'The girl was mystified.'
Actual:   'Thegirlwasmystified.'
Type: Other error

Error #532:
Input:    '"who's that?" she asked.'
Expected: '"Who's that?" she asked.'
Actual:   '``who'sthat?'' Sheasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #533:
Input:    '"he looks the most respectable man in the place." "oh, yes, he's respectable!" said storm caustically.'
Expected: '"He looks the most respectable man in the place." "Oh, yes, he's respectable!" said Storm caustically.'
Actual:   '``helooksthemostrespectablemanintheplace.'' ``oh,yes,he'srespectable!'' Saidstormcaustically.'
Type: Other error

Error #534:
Input:    '"he's only killed eleven men!'
Expected: '"He's only killed eleven men!'
Actual:   '``he'sonlykilledelevenmen!'
Type: Other error

Error #535:
Input:    'that, old thing, is comrade 'gat' morini, and for exactly four years all the policemen in new york and chicago have been aching to put him in a hard chair and run two thousand volts through his spine.'
Expected: 'That, old thing, is Comrade 'Gat' Morini, and for exactly four years all the policemen in New York and Chicago have been aching to put him in a hard chair and run two thousand volts through his spine.'
Actual:   'That,oldthing,iscomrade'gat'morini,andforexactlyfouryearsallthepolicemeninnewyorkandchicagohavebeenachingtoputhiminahardchairandruntwothousandvoltsthroughhisspine.'
Type: Other error

Error #536:
Input:    'he's a professional gun artist, and i'll say he guns well!'
Expected: 'He's a professional gun artist, and I'll say he guns well!'
Actual:   'He'saprofessionalgunartist,andi'llsayhegunswell!'
Type: Other error

Error #537:
Input:    'i ran into him in chicago about two years back, and we exchanged compliments.'
Expected: 'I ran into him in Chicago about two years back, and we exchanged compliments.'
Actual:   'Iranintohiminchicagoabouttwoyearsback,andweexchangedcompliments.'
Type: Other error

Error #538:
Input:    'his compliment missed my heart by just over two inches, and mine missed his by exactly one inch, so i always tell people i won on points.'
Expected: 'His compliment missed my heart by just over two inches, and mine missed his by exactly one inch, so I always tell people I won on points.'
Actual:   'Hiscomplimentmissedmyheartbyjustovertwoinches,andminemissedhisbyexactlyoneinch,soialwaystellpeopleiwononpoints.'
Type: Other error

Error #539:
Input:    'he loves me all right--you can stake your socks on uncle!" the gaiety of his smile was entirely unforced, and in spite of herself susan shivered, although the steel showed behind his careless self-confidence.'
Expected: 'He loves me all right--you can stake your socks on uncle!" The gaiety of his smile was entirely unforced, and in spite of herself Susan shivered, although the steel showed behind his careless self-confidence.'
Actual:   'Helovesmeallright -- youcanstakeyoursocksonuncle!'' Thegaietyofhissmilewasentirelyunforced,andinspiteofherselfsusanshivered,althoughthesteelshowedbehindhiscarelessself-confidence.'
Type: Other error

Error #540:
Input:    'even so, she was afraid, for she knew his cheerful recklessness too well.'
Expected: 'Even so, she was afraid, for she knew his cheerful recklessness too well.'
Actual:   'Evenso,shewasafraid,forsheknewhischeerfulrecklessnesstoowell.'
Type: Other error

Error #541:
Input:    '"can't you do anything about it?" she suggested.'
Expected: '"Can't you do anything about it?" she suggested.'
Actual:   '``can'tyoudoanythingaboutit?'' Shesuggested.'
Type: Other error

Error #542:
Input:    '"what?" he demanded promptly.'
Expected: '"What?" he demanded promptly.'
Actual:   '``what?'' Hedemandedpromptly.'
Type: Other error

Error #543:
Input:    '"there isn't a word against him.'
Expected: '"There isn't a word against him.'
Actual:   '``thereisn'tawordagainsthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #544:
Input:    'if i printed what i've just told you there'd be a libel action within the week, and young storm wouldn't win it!'
Expected: 'If I printed what I've just told you there'd be a libel action within the week, and young Storm wouldn't win it!'
Actual:   'Ifiprintedwhati'vejusttoldyouthere'dbealibelactionwithintheweek,andyoungstormwouldn'twinit!'
Type: Other error

Error #545:
Input:    'he's committed eleven murders, he's been arrested eleven times, and he's been released just that number.'
Expected: 'He's committed eleven murders, he's been arrested eleven times, and he's been released just that number.'
Actual:   'He'scommittedelevenmurders,he'sbeenarrestedeleventimes,andhe'sbeenreleasedjustthatnumber.'
Type: Other error

Error #546:
Input:    'it isn't a crime to follow anyone about." morini rose a moment after they did, and storm was amused to see him greet a loiterer outside with every appearance of astonishment.'
Expected: 'It isn't a crime to follow anyone about." Morini rose a moment after they did, and Storm was amused to see him greet a loiterer outside with every appearance of astonishment.'
Actual:   'Itisn'tacrimetofollowanyoneabout.'' Moriniroseamomentaftertheydid,andstormwasamusedtoseehimgreetaloitereroutsidewitheveryappearanceofastonishment.'
Type: Other error

Error #547:
Input:    'as storm handed susan into a taxi the two reunited friends also decided to charter a taxi, and storm grinned again.'
Expected: 'As Storm handed Susan into a taxi the two reunited friends also decided to charter a taxi, and Storm grinned again.'
Actual:   'Asstormhandedsusanintoataxithetworeunitedfriendsalsodecidedtocharterataxi,andstormgrinnedagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #548:
Input:    'lord hannassay's house was in hamilton place, and storm felt that his luck was in when he caught sight of the massive figure of oscar raegenssen coming down the steps, for raegenssen was a man he particularly wanted to see.'
Expected: 'Lord Hannassay's house was in Hamilton Place, and Storm felt that his luck was in when he caught sight of the massive figure of Oscar Raegenssen coming down the steps, for Raegenssen was a man he particularly wanted to see.'
Actual:   'Lordhannassay'shousewasinhamiltonplace,andstormfeltthathisluckwasinwhenhecaughtsightofthemassivefigureofoscarraegenssencomingdownthesteps,forraegenssenwasamanheparticularlywantedtosee.'
Type: Other error

Error #549:
Input:    'as they alighted, another taxi crawled past and stopped in park lane.'
Expected: 'As they alighted, another taxi crawled past and stopped in Park Lane.'
Actual:   'Astheyalighted,anothertaxicrawledpastandstoppedinparklane.'
Type: Other error

Error #550:
Input:    'he watched susan let herself in, and then hurried after the swede.'
Expected: 'He watched Susan let herself in, and then hurried after the Swede.'
Actual:   'Hewatchedsusanletherselfin,andthenhurriedaftertheswede.'
Type: Other error

Error #551:
Input:    '"excuse me," he said.'
Expected: '"Excuse me," he said.'
Actual:   '``excuseme,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #552:
Input:    '"i'm captain arden, attached to the special branch at scotland yard." "well?'
Expected: '"I'm Captain Arden, attached to the Special Branch at Scotland Yard." "Well?'
Actual:   '``i'mcaptainarden,attachedtothespecialbranchatscotlandyard.'' ``well?'
Type: Other error

Error #553:
Input:    'please be prief!'
Expected: 'Please be prief!'
Actual:   'Pleasebeprief!'
Type: Other error

Error #554:
Input:    'i hof an appointment for supper." he was in evening dress, with a foreign-looking cloak over his shoulders, and his viking beard overflowed the white expanse of his shirt-front.'
Expected: 'I hof an appointment for supper." He was in evening dress, with a foreign-looking cloak over his shoulders, and his Viking beard overflowed the white expanse of his shirt-front.'
Actual:   'Ihofanappointmentforsupper.'' Hewasineveningdress,withaforeign-lookingcloakoverhisshoulders,andhisvikingbeardoverflowedthewhiteexpanseofhisshirt-front.'
Type: Other error

Error #555:
Input:    '"that card you received--does the date mean anything to you?'
Expected: '"That card you received--does the date mean anything to you?'
Actual:   '``thatcardyoureceived -- doesthedatemeananythingtoyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #556:
Input:    'did anything important happen to you on april the first, or did you do anything important?" "i know nothing!" said raegenssen curtly.'
Expected: 'Did anything important happen to you on April the first, or did you do anything important?" "I know nothing!" said Raegenssen curtly.'
Actual:   'Didanythingimportanthappentoyouonaprilthefirst,ordidyoudoanythingimportant?'' ``iknownothing!'' Saidraegenssencurtly.'
Type: Other error

Error #557:
Input:    '"it is my pusiness.'
Expected: '"It is my pusiness.'
Actual:   '``itismypusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #558:
Input:    'i hof entrosted t'bolicemans wit rezearch.'
Expected: 'I hof entrosted t'bolicemans wit rezearch.'
Actual:   'Ihofentrostedt'bolicemanswitrezearch.'
Type: Other error

Error #559:
Input:    'april first is day of all the fools.'
Expected: 'April first is day of all the fools.'
Actual:   'Aprilfirstisdayofallthefools.'
Type: Other error

Error #560:
Input:    'thot is all i know." there was nothing to be done.'
Expected: 'Thot is all I know." There was nothing to be done.'
Actual:   'Thotisalliknow.'' Therewasnothingtobedone.'
Type: Other error

Error #561:
Input:    'storm shrugged, raised his hat, said good-night, and strolled on.'
Expected: 'Storm shrugged, raised his hat, said good-night, and strolled on.'
Actual:   'Stormshrugged,raisedhishat,saidgood-night,andstrolledon.'
Type: Other error

Error #562:
Input:    'in his flat he found the patient mr.'
Expected: 'In his flat he found the patient Mr.'
Actual:   'InhisflathefoundthepatientMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #563:
Input:    'teal consoling himself for a long wait with one of his host's best cigars.'
Expected: 'Teal consoling himself for a long wait with one of his host's best cigars.'
Actual:   'Tealconsolinghimselfforalongwaitwithoneofhishost'sbestcigars.'
Type: Other error

Error #564:
Input:    '"mecklen is my shadow," said teal, yawning.'
Expected: '"Mecklen is my shadow," said Teal, yawning.'
Actual:   '``mecklenismyshadow,''saidteal,yawning.'
Type: Other error

Error #565:
Input:    '"he's outside now." "i saw him," said storm.'
Expected: '"He's outside now." "I saw him," said Storm.'
Actual:   '``he'soutsidenow.'' ``isawhim,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #566:
Input:    '"he's got company--morini trailed me home.'
Expected: '"He's got company--Morini trailed me home.'
Actual:   '``he'sgotcompany -- morinitrailedmehome.'
Type: Other error

Error #567:
Input:    'for sheer plodding industry, give me the yankee gunman!" he threw his hat and gloves into a chair and walked over to the side table on which a decanter and syphon stood.'
Expected: 'For sheer plodding industry, give me the Yankee gunman!" He threw his hat and gloves into a chair and walked over to the side table on which a decanter and syphon stood.'
Actual:   'Forsheerploddingindustry,givemetheyankeegunman!'' Hethrewhishatandglovesintoachairandwalkedovertothesidetableonwhichadecanterandsyphonstood.'
Type: Other error

Error #568:
Input:    '"been helping yourself to a drink, teal?" he murmured.'
Expected: '"Been helping yourself to a drink, Teal?" he murmured.'
Actual:   '``beenhelpingyourselftoadrink,teal?'' Hemurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #569:
Input:    '"i don't drink," said mr.'
Expected: '"I don't drink," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``idon'tdrink,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #570:
Input:    'teal piously.'
Expected: 'Teal piously.'
Actual:   'Tealpiously.'
Type: Other error

Error #571:
Input:    '"it's bad for my heart.'
Expected: '"It's bad for my heart.'
Actual:   '``it'sbadformyheart.'
Type: Other error

Error #572:
Input:    'fat men didn't ought to touch alcohol." storm carried the decanter to the light, held it up, and inspected the level of the liquid carefully.'
Expected: 'Fat men didn't ought to touch alcohol." Storm carried the decanter to the light, held it up, and inspected the level of the liquid carefully.'
Actual:   'Fatmendidn'toughttotouchalcohol.'' Stormcarriedthedecantertothelight,helditup,andinspectedtheleveloftheliquidcarefully.'
Type: Other error

Error #573:
Input:    'then he called to teal, and that stout abstainer came lethargically.'
Expected: 'Then he called to Teal, and that stout abstainer came lethargically.'
Actual:   'Thenhecalledtoteal,andthatstoutabstainercamelethargically.'
Type: Other error

Error #574:
Input:    '"see that little scratch in the glass?" said storm.'
Expected: '"See that little scratch in the glass?" said Storm.'
Actual:   '``seethatlittlescratchintheglass?'' Saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #575:
Input:    '"that's the level i always keep the whisky up to.'
Expected: '"That's the level I always keep the whisky up to.'
Actual:   '``that'sthelevelialwayskeepthewhiskyupto.'
Type: Other error

Error #576:
Input:    'and now there's about a quarter of an inch more than there was when i went out.'
Expected: 'And now there's about a quarter of an inch more than there was when I went out.'
Actual:   'Andnowthere'saboutaquarterofaninchmorethantherewaswheniwentout.'
Type: Other error

Error #577:
Input:    'some little pal of mine's been kind by stealth.'
Expected: 'Some little pal of mine's been kind by stealth.'
Actual:   'Somelittlepalofmine'sbeenkindbystealth.'
Type: Other error

Error #578:
Input:    'i love these subterranean chariteers!" he moistened the tip of one finger with the spirit and dabbed it on his tongue.'
Expected: 'I love these subterranean chariteers!" He moistened the tip of one finger with the spirit and dabbed it on his tongue.'
Actual:   'Ilovethesesubterraneanchariteers!'' Hemoistenedthetipofonefingerwiththespiritanddabbeditonhistongue.'
Type: Other error

Error #579:
Input:    'then he went hastily to the bathroom and rinsed his mouth out thoroughly.'
Expected: 'Then he went hastily to the bathroom and rinsed his mouth out thoroughly.'
Actual:   'Thenhewenthastilytothebathroomandrinsedhismouthoutthoroughly.'
Type: Other error

Error #580:
Input:    '"aconite, i think," he remarked pleasantly when he returned.'
Expected: '"Aconite, I think," he remarked pleasantly when he returned.'
Actual:   '``aconite,ithink,''heremarkedpleasantlywhenhereturned.'
Type: Other error

Error #581:
Input:    '"still, we'll send a peg round to the home office analyst in the morning to make sure." he sat down on the table, forearms resting on his knees, the cigarette that he was never without pointed optimistically skywards between his compressed lips.'
Expected: '"Still, we'll send a peg round to the Home Office Analyst in the morning to make sure." He sat down on the table, forearms resting on his knees, the cigarette that he was never without pointed optimistically skywards between his compressed lips.'
Actual:   '``still,we'llsendapegroundtothehomeofficeanalystinthemorningtomakesure.'' Hesatdownonthetable,forearmsrestingonhisknees,thecigarettethathewasneverwithoutpointedoptimisticallyskywardsbetweenhiscompressedlips.'
Type: Other error

Error #582:
Input:    'he grinned at mr.'
Expected: 'He grinned at Mr.'
Actual:   'HegrinnedatMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #583:
Input:    'teal, and mr.'
Expected: 'Teal, and Mr.'
Actual:   'Teal,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #584:
Input:    'teal's mouth widened half an inch momentarily, which was about the nearest mr.'
Expected: 'Teal's mouth widened half an inch momentarily, which was about the nearest Mr.'
Actual:   'Teal'smouthwidenedhalfaninchmomentarily,whichwasaboutthenearestMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #585:
Input:    'teal ever came to smiling.'
Expected: 'Teal ever came to smiling.'
Actual:   'Tealevercametosmiling.'
Type: Other error

Error #586:
Input:    '"they seem to think you're important," drawled the detective callously, and storm nodded.'
Expected: '"They seem to think you're important," drawled the detective callously, and Storm nodded.'
Actual:   '``theyseemtothinkyou'reimportant,''drawledthedetectivecallously,andstormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #587:
Input:    '"i was about due for it.'
Expected: '"I was about due for it.'
Actual:   '``iwasaboutdueforit.'
Type: Other error

Error #588:
Input:    'i saw raegenssen to-night coming out of hannassay's--didn't know they were friends!'
Expected: 'I saw Raegenssen to-night coming out of Hannassay's--didn't know they were friends!'
Actual:   'Isawraegenssento-nightcomingoutofhannassay's -- didn'tknowtheywerefriends!'
Type: Other error

Error #589:
Input:    'dear old olaf the seabird was quite rude.'
Expected: 'Dear old Olaf the Seabird was quite rude.'
Actual:   'Dearoldolaftheseabirdwasquiterude.'
Type: Other error

Error #590:
Input:    'all these people seem to hate having to try and remember their pasts.'
Expected: 'All these people seem to hate having to try and remember their pasts.'
Actual:   'Allthesepeopleseemtohatehavingtotryandremembertheirpasts.'
Type: Other error

Error #591:
Input:    'what can you remember about yourself thirty years ago, teal?" "i daren't tell you, captain arden," said inspector teal.'
Expected: 'What can you remember about yourself thirty years ago, Teal?" "I daren't tell you, Captain Arden," said Inspector Teal.'
Actual:   'Whatcanyourememberaboutyourselfthirtyyearsago,teal?'' ``idaren'ttellyou,captainarden,''saidinspectorteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #592:
Input:    'they were talking seriously about fifteen minutes later when the telephone buzzed a warning, and storm picked up the instrument.'
Expected: 'They were talking seriously about fifteen minutes later when the telephone buzzed a warning, and Storm picked up the instrument.'
Actual:   'Theyweretalkingseriouslyaboutfifteenminuteslaterwhenthetelephonebuzzedawarning,andstormpickeduptheinstrument.'
Type: Other error

Error #593:
Input:    'yes?" he listened impatiently for a few moments, and then hung up the receiver violently.'
Expected: 'Yes?" He listened impatiently for a few moments, and then hung up the receiver violently.'
Actual:   'Yes?'' Helistenedimpatientlyforafewmoments,andthenhungupthereceiverviolently.'
Type: Other error

Error #594:
Input:    '"let's go to a moonlight picnic, teal!" he crisped, and picked up his hat as he sprang past the languid detective.'
Expected: '"Let's go to a moonlight picnic, Teal!" he crisped, and picked up his hat as he sprang past the languid detective.'
Actual:   '``let'sgotoamoonlightpicnic,teal!'' Hecrisped,andpickeduphishatashesprangpastthelanguiddetective.'
Type: Other error

Error #595:
Input:    'he led the way at a breakneck speed down the covered alley towards the courtyard which opens on to piccadilly, but inspector teal, showing an agility which one would not have suspected, kept pace with him fairly comfortably.'
Expected: 'He led the way at a breakneck speed down the covered alley towards the courtyard which opens on to Piccadilly, but Inspector Teal, showing an agility which one would not have suspected, kept pace with him fairly comfortably.'
Actual:   'Heledthewayatabreakneckspeeddownthecoveredalleytowardsthecourtyardwhichopensontopiccadilly,butinspectorteal,showinganagilitywhichonewouldnothavesuspected,keptpacewithhimfairlycomfortably.'
Type: Other error

Error #596:
Input:    'just level with the porter's lodge, storm stopped for a moment and thumbed down the safety catch of his automatic.'
Expected: 'Just level with the porter's lodge, Storm stopped for a moment and thumbed down the safety catch of his automatic.'
Actual:   'Justlevelwiththeporter'slodge,stormstoppedforamomentandthumbeddownthesafetycatchofhisautomatic.'
Type: Other error

Error #597:
Input:    '"i'll bet it's lew," he said, and stepped calmly out of cover.'
Expected: '"I'll bet it's Lew," he said, and stepped calmly out of cover.'
Actual:   '``i'llbetit'slew,''hesaid,andsteppedcalmlyoutofcover.'
Type: Other error

Error #598:
Input:    'they had just reached the foot of the steps when a spurt of flame leapt out of the darkness of albany court yard, and something sang viciously past his head.'
Expected: 'They had just reached the foot of the steps when a spurt of flame leapt out of the darkness of Albany Court Yard, and something sang viciously past his head.'
Actual:   'Theyhadjustreachedthefootofthestepswhenaspurtofflameleaptoutofthedarknessofalbanycourtyard,andsomethingsangviciouslypasthishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #599:
Input:    '"rotten bad shooting, comrade," he remarked mildly.'
Expected: '"Rotten bad shooting, comrade," he remarked mildly.'
Actual:   '``rottenbadshooting,comrade,''heremarkedmildly.'
Type: Other error

Error #600:
Input:    'teal, however, missed the last part of that observation, for as he spoke storm fired.'
Expected: 'Teal, however, missed the last part of that observation, for as he spoke Storm fired.'
Actual:   'Teal,however,missedthelastpartofthatobservation,forashespokestormfired.'
Type: Other error

Error #601:
Input:    'there was a scream of pain, and a police whistle sounded shrilly.'
Expected: 'There was a scream of pain, and a police whistle sounded shrilly.'
Actual:   'Therewasascreamofpain,andapolicewhistlesoundedshrilly.'
Type: Other error

Error #602:
Input:    'the next instant inspector teal was deafened by the roar of an open exhaust.'
Expected: 'The next instant Inspector Teal was deafened by the roar of an open exhaust.'
Actual:   'Thenextinstantinspectortealwasdeafenedbytheroarofanopenexhaust.'
Type: Other error

Error #603:
Input:    'storm was already at the wheel of his long silver hirondel, and mr.'
Expected: 'Storm was already at the wheel of his long silver Hirondel, and Mr.'
Actual:   'Stormwasalreadyatthewheelofhislongsilverhirondel,andMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #604:
Input:    'teal climbed in beside him briskly, a crowd had already gathered in the yard, and storm made his klaxon howl urgently.'
Expected: 'Teal climbed in beside him briskly, A crowd had already gathered in the yard, and Storm made his Klaxon howl urgently.'
Actual:   'Tealclimbedinbesidehimbriskly,acrowdhadalreadygatheredintheyard,andstormmadehisklaxonhowlurgently.'
Type: Other error

Error #605:
Input:    'a uniformed man signalled them to stop, but stepped aside when he recognized the detective.'
Expected: 'A uniformed man signalled them to stop, but stepped aside when he recognized the detective.'
Actual:   'Auniformedmansignalledthemtostop,butsteppedasidewhenherecognizedthedetective.'
Type: Other error

Error #606:
Input:    '"arrest that man!" shouted teal, as they went past.'
Expected: '"Arrest that man!" shouted Teal, as they went past.'
Actual:   '``arrestthatman!'' Shoutedteal,astheywentpast.'
Type: Other error

Error #607:
Input:    'the hirondel skidded hectically into piccadilly, swinging straight across the nose of an omnibus.'
Expected: 'The Hirondel skidded hectically into Piccadilly, swinging straight across the nose of an omnibus.'
Actual:   'Thehirondelskiddedhecticallyintopiccadilly,swingingstraightacrossthenoseofanomnibus.'
Type: Other error

Error #608:
Input:    'there was a screech of grinding brakes, a chorus of angry yells, and the silver car lurched across the road and headed west, gathering speed with powerful ease.'
Expected: 'There was a screech of grinding brakes, a chorus of angry yells, and the silver car lurched across the road and headed west, gathering speed with powerful ease.'
Actual:   'Therewasascreechofgrindingbrakes,achorusofangryyells,andthesilvercarlurchedacrosstheroadandheadedwest,gatheringspeedwithpowerfulease.'
Type: Other error

Error #609:
Input:    'they sailed down the slight gradient towards hyde park corner, cutting in and owl of the stream of traffic with a daring that made inspector teal grip the side of the car hard and temporarily suspend mastication of his chewing gum.'
Expected: 'They sailed down the slight gradient towards Hyde Park Corner, cutting in and owl of the stream of traffic with a daring that made Inspector Teal grip the side of the car hard and temporarily suspend mastication of his chewing gum.'
Actual:   'Theysaileddowntheslightgradienttowardshydeparkcorner,cuttinginandowlofthestreamoftrafficwithadaringthatmadeinspectortealgripthesideofthecarhardandtemporarilysuspendmasticationofhischewinggum.'
Type: Other error

Error #610:
Input:    '"something funny happening at hannassay's," storm explained, raising his voice to make himself heard.'
Expected: '"Something funny happening at Hannassay's," Storm explained, raising his voice to make himself heard.'
Actual:   '``somethingfunnyhappeningathannassay's,''stormexplained,raisinghisvoicetomakehimselfheard.'
Type: Other error

Error #611:
Input:    '"secretary rang me up--two men trying to get in the back door, and hannassay in his bedroom, locked in, and can't be woken.'
Expected: '"Secretary rang me up--two men trying to get in the back door, and Hannassay in his bedroom, locked in, and can't be woken.'
Actual:   '``secretaryrangmeup -- twomentryingtogetinthebackdoor,andhannassayinhisbedroom,lockedin,andcan'tbewoken.'
Type: Other error

Error #612:
Input:    'i heard a shot, and then the line went dead.'
Expected: 'I heard a shot, and then the line went dead.'
Actual:   'Iheardashot,andthenthelinewentdead.'
Type: Other error

Error #613:
Input:    'respectability--huh!" chapter iv talking of triangles susan hawthorne saw the door of the library opening slowly, and her heart stood still.'
Expected: 'Respectability--huh!" CHAPTER IV TALKING OF TRIANGLES Susan Hawthorne saw the door of the library opening slowly, and her heart stood still.'
Actual:   'Respectability -- huh!'' Chapterivtalkingoftrianglessusanhawthornesawthedoorofthelibraryopeningslowly,andherheartstoodstill.'
Type: Other error

Error #614:
Input:    'the man outside was morini--she saw his baby blue eyes above the white silk muffler that was bound about the lower part of his face.'
Expected: 'The man outside was Morini--she saw his baby blue eyes above the white silk muffler that was bound about the lower part of his face.'
Actual:   'Themanoutsidewasmorini -- shesawhisbabyblueeyesabovethewhitesilkmufflerthatwasboundaboutthelowerpartofhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #615:
Input:    'she saw something else that was blue, also, but by no means baby like, something that came up like the head of a striking snake....'
Expected: 'She saw something else that was blue, also, but by no means baby like, something that came up like the head of a striking snake....'
Actual:   'Shesawsomethingelsethatwasblue,also,butbynomeansbabylike,somethingthatcameupliketheheadofastrikingsnake....'
Type: Other error

Error #616:
Input:    'the electric light switch was close to her hand, and she clicked it down and ducked swiftly.'
Expected: 'The electric light switch was close to her hand, and she clicked it down and ducked swiftly.'
Actual:   'Theelectriclightswitchwasclosetoherhand,andsheclickeditdownandduckedswiftly.'
Type: Other error

Error #617:
Input:    'even as she did so the sudden darkness was split by a streak of orange fire, and a deafening explosion battered on her ear-drums and left them buzzing painfully.'
Expected: 'Even as she did so the sudden darkness was split by a streak of orange fire, and a deafening explosion battered on her ear-drums and left them buzzing painfully.'
Actual:   'Evenasshedidsothesuddendarknesswassplitbyastreakoforangefire,andadeafeningexplosionbatteredonherear-drumsandleftthembuzzingpainfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #618:
Input:    'the next instant she had smashed the heavy telephone twice against the delicate lever of the switch and efficiently mangled the mechanism.'
Expected: 'The next instant she had smashed the heavy telephone twice against the delicate lever of the switch and efficiently mangled the mechanism.'
Actual:   'Thenextinstantshehadsmashedtheheavytelephonetwiceagainstthedelicateleveroftheswitchandefficientlymangledthemechanism.'
Type: Other error

Error #619:
Input:    'she moved silently away along the wall, and the terrible hunt began.'
Expected: 'She moved silently away along the wall, and the terrible hunt began.'
Actual:   'Shemovedsilentlyawayalongthewall,andtheterriblehuntbegan.'
Type: Other error

Error #620:
Input:    'the girl was helped by her knowledge of the room, but morini crept after her with an uncanny accuracy in spite of the impenetrable blackness.'
Expected: 'The girl was helped by her knowledge of the room, but Morini crept after her with an uncanny accuracy in spite of the impenetrable blackness.'
Actual:   'Thegirlwashelpedbyherknowledgeoftheroom,butMorinicreptafterherwithanuncannyaccuracyinspiteoftheimpenetrableblackness.'
Type: Other error

Error #621:
Input:    'her chest was heaving so that it seemed as if every breath she took must betray her whereabouts as surely as a siren.'
Expected: 'Her chest was heaving so that it seemed as if every breath she took must betray her whereabouts as surely as a siren.'
Actual:   'Herchestwasheavingsothatitseemedasifeverybreathshetookmustbetrayherwhereaboutsassurelyasasiren.'
Type: Other error

Error #622:
Input:    'the door was a little ajar, and the lights in the hall were on.'
Expected: 'The door was a little ajar, and the lights in the hall were on.'
Actual:   'Thedoorwasalittleajar,andthelightsinthehallwereon.'
Type: Other error

Error #623:
Input:    'there was no escape that way, for he would see her as she was silhouetted against the glare, and she had already had enough evidence of the grimness of his purpose.'
Expected: 'There was no escape that way, for he would see her as she was silhouetted against the glare, and she had already had enough evidence of the grimness of his purpose.'
Actual:   'Therewasnoescapethatway,forhewouldseeherasshewassilhouettedagainsttheglare,andshehadalreadyhadenoughevidenceofthegrimnessofhispurpose.'
Type: Other error

Error #624:
Input:    'once she saw him step cat-wise across the pencil of light that the hall bulbs smudged across the room, and with difficulty choked back the cry that would have been fatal.'
Expected: 'Once she saw him step cat-wise across the pencil of light that the hall bulbs smudged across the room, and with difficulty choked back the cry that would have been fatal.'
Actual:   'Onceshesawhimstepcat-wiseacrossthepenciloflightthatthehallbulbssmudgedacrosstheroom,andwithdifficultychokedbackthecrythatwouldhavebeenfatal.'
Type: Other error

Error #625:
Input:    'once he fired again, at random, and she only just had time to drop behind a couch out of the way of the more accurate shot that followed instantly on the echo of the first when the brief flash had given him his bearings.'
Expected: 'Once he fired again, at random, and she only just had time to drop behind a couch out of the way of the more accurate shot that followed instantly on the echo of the first when the brief flash had given him his bearings.'
Actual:   'Oncehefiredagain,atrandom,andsheonlyjusthadtimetodropbehindacouchoutofthewayofthemoreaccurateshotthatfollowedinstantlyontheechoofthefirstwhenthebriefflashhadgivenhimhisbearings.'
Type: Other error

Error #626:
Input:    'from outside came a swelling drone that grew in volume with startling speed and then died into a breathless purr coincident with the muffled squeal of rubber tearing on asphalt.'
Expected: 'From outside came a swelling drone that grew in volume with startling speed and then died into a breathless purr coincident with the muffled squeal of rubber tearing on asphalt.'
Actual:   'Fromoutsidecameaswellingdronethatgrewinvolumewithstartlingspeedandthendiedintoabreathlesspurrcoincidentwiththemuffledsquealofrubbertearingonasphalt.'
Type: Other error

Error #627:
Input:    'hardly two seconds later the bell at the back of the house rang stridently, and someone pounded on the front door.'
Expected: 'Hardly two seconds later the bell at the back of the house rang stridently, and someone pounded on the front door.'
Actual:   'Hardlytwosecondslaterthebellatthebackofthehouserangstridently,andsomeonepoundedonthefrontdoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #628:
Input:    'through the half-open window came storm's voice: "stand clear of the lift gates, please!'
Expected: 'Through the half-open window came Storm's voice: "Stand clear of the lift gates, please!'
Actual:   'Throughthehalf-openwindowcamestorm'svoice:``standclearoftheliftgates,please!'
Type: Other error

Error #629:
Input:    'this is where i damage architecture!" she saw morini slip through the door and out into the corridor, and then with a dreadful premonition she rushed to the window and flung up the lower sash.'
Expected: 'This is where I damage architecture!" She saw Morini slip through the door and out into the corridor, and then with a dreadful premonition she rushed to the window and flung up the lower sash.'
Actual:   'Thisiswhereidamagearchitecture!'' Shesawmorinislipthroughthedoorandoutintothecorridor,andthenwithadreadfulpremonitionsherushedtothewindowandflungupthelowersash.'
Type: Other error

Error #630:
Input:    'storm and inspector teal were on the step, and storm already had his automatic crammed against the yale lock and his finger was on the trigger.'
Expected: 'Storm and Inspector Teal were on the step, and Storm already had his automatic crammed against the Yale lock and his finger was on the trigger.'
Actual:   'Stormandinspectortealwereonthestep,andstormalreadyhadhisautomaticcrammedagainsttheyalelockandhisfingerwasonthetrigger.'
Type: Other error

Error #631:
Input:    'stop!" she cried, and he looked round.'
Expected: 'Stop!" she cried, and he looked round.'
Actual:   'Stop!'' Shecried,andhelookedround.'
Type: Other error

Error #632:
Input:    '"morini's in the hall and the back door's broken in--he'll get you as you come in and escape easily!" he only hesitated for a second.'
Expected: '"Morini's in the hall and the back door's broken in--he'll get you as you come in and escape easily!" He only hesitated for a second.'
Actual:   '``morini'sinthehallandthebackdoor'sbrokenin -- he'llgetyouasyoucomeinandescapeeasily!'' Heonlyhesitatedforasecond.'
Type: Other error

Error #633:
Input:    'then-- "that be bullraced for a yarn!" he sang out recklessly.'
Expected: 'Then-- "That be bullraced for a yarn!" he sang out recklessly.'
Actual:   'Then -- ``thatbebullracedforayarn!'' Hesangoutrecklessly.'
Type: Other error

Error #634:
Input:    '"all aboard for hell!" she heard the explosion as she dashed across the room and opened the door wide.'
Expected: '"All aboard for hell!" She heard the explosion as she dashed across the room and opened the door wide.'
Actual:   '``allaboardforhell!'' Sheheardtheexplosionasshedashedacrosstheroomandopenedthedoorwide.'
Type: Other error

Error #635:
Input:    'the two men crashed into the hall, but she did not look at them.'
Expected: 'The two men crashed into the hall, but she did not look at them.'
Actual:   'Thetwomencrashedintothehall,butshedidnotlookatthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #636:
Input:    'she was straining her eyes into the shadows at the end of the passage which led to the servants' quarters, and, used as she was to the darkness, she saw morini a space of time before they did...'
Expected: 'She was straining her eyes into the shadows at the end of the passage which led to the servants' quarters, and, used as she was to the darkness, she saw Morini a space of time before they did...'
Actual:   'Shewasstraininghereyesintotheshadowsattheendofthepassagewhichledtotheservants'quarters,and,usedasshewastothedarkness,shesawmoriniaspaceoftimebeforetheydid...'
Type: Other error

Error #637:
Input:    'saw his gun leap up...'
Expected: 'saw his gun leap up...'
Actual:   'Sawhisgunleapup...'
Type: Other error

Error #638:
Input:    'and hurled the priceless vase she carried....'
Expected: 'and hurled the priceless vase she carried....'
Actual:   'Andhurledthepricelessvaseshecarried....'
Type: Other error

Error #639:
Input:    'three automatics detonated almost as one.'
Expected: 'Three automatics detonated almost as one.'
Actual:   'Threeautomaticsdetonatedalmostasone.'
Type: Other error

Error #640:
Input:    'morini was hit by the vase as he pressed the trigger, and his shot went high, splintering the transom above the front door.'
Expected: 'Morini was hit by the vase as he pressed the trigger, and his shot went high, splintering the transom above the front door.'
Actual:   'Moriniwashitbythevaseashepressedthetrigger,andhisshotwenthigh,splinteringthetransomabovethefrontdoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #641:
Input:    'as storm fired back he raced towards the servants' entrance.'
Expected: 'As Storm fired back he raced towards the servants' entrance.'
Actual:   'Asstormfiredbackheracedtowardstheservants'entrance.'
Type: Other error

Error #642:
Input:    'teal laid an unexpectedly gentle arm about the girl's shoulders and led her into the library.'
Expected: 'Teal laid an unexpectedly gentle arm about the girl's shoulders and led her into the library.'
Actual:   'Teallaidanunexpectedlygentlearmaboutthegirl'sshouldersandledherintothelibrary.'
Type: Other error

Error #643:
Input:    '"there's another light," she said, trying to keep her voice level.'
Expected: '"There's another light," she said, trying to keep her voice level.'
Actual:   '``there'sanotherlight,''shesaid,tryingtokeephervoicelevel.'
Type: Other error

Error #644:
Input:    '"i smashed the big switch.'
Expected: '"I smashed the big switch.'
Actual:   '``ismashedthebigswitch.'
Type: Other error

Error #645:
Input:    'a reading lamp, on the table--it's lucky morini didn't find it." teal, groping round, located the lamp and turned it on.'
Expected: 'A reading lamp, on the table--it's lucky Morini didn't find it." Teal, groping round, located the lamp and turned it on.'
Actual:   'Areadinglamp,onthetable -- it'sluckymorinididn'tfindit.'' Teal,gropinground,locatedthelampandturnediton.'
Type: Other error

Error #646:
Input:    'a moment later storm returned.'
Expected: 'A moment later Storm returned.'
Actual:   'Amomentlaterstormreturned.'
Type: Other error

Error #647:
Input:    'he had rolled back his sleeve and was endeavouring to tie his handkerchief round his wrist, and to her surprise and disgust she said the conventional thing.'
Expected: 'He had rolled back his sleeve and was endeavouring to tie his handkerchief round his wrist, and to her surprise and disgust she said the conventional thing.'
Actual:   'Hehadrolledbackhissleeveandwasendeavouringtotiehishandkerchiefroundhiswrist,andtohersurpriseanddisgustshesaidtheconventionalthing.'
Type: Other error

Error #648:
Input:    '"you're hurt." "not a bit of it," he assured her.'
Expected: '"You're hurt." "Not a bit of it," he assured her.'
Actual:   '``you'rehurt.'' ``notabitofit,''heassuredher.'
Type: Other error

Error #649:
Input:    '"only a graze--dear old gat's going off, and i think i must be, too.'
Expected: '"Only a graze--dear old Gat's going off, and I think I must be, too.'
Actual:   '``onlyagraze -- dearoldgat'sgoingoff,andithinkimustbe,too.'
Type: Other error

Error #650:
Input:    'it's time some of us old soldiers retired--gat and i wouldn't have missed each other in chicago!" "he got away?" said teal.'
Expected: 'It's time some of us old soldiers retired--Gat and I wouldn't have missed each other in Chicago!" "He got away?" said Teal.'
Actual:   'It'stimesomeofusoldsoldiersretired -- gatandiwouldn'thavemissedeachotherinchicago!'' ``hegotaway?'' Saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #651:
Input:    'storm nodded.'
Expected: 'Storm nodded.'
Actual:   'Stormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #652:
Input:    '"that's the day's safety bet--clean!'
Expected: '"That's the day's safety bet--clean!'
Actual:   '``that'stheday'ssafetybet -- clean!'
Type: Other error

Error #653:
Input:    'he got through into park lane, and there was a fast car waiting for him.'
Expected: 'He got through into Park Lane, and there was a fast car waiting for him.'
Actual:   'Hegotthroughintoparklane,andtherewasafastcarwaitingforhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #654:
Input:    'all lights out, so i missed the number.'
Expected: 'All lights out, so I missed the number.'
Actual:   'Alllightsout,soimissedthenumber.'
Type: Other error

Error #655:
Input:    'it was morini, of course, but we couldn't get a conviction--the defence'd produce half a dozen small men with washed-out blue eyes that you couldn't distinguish from morini if they were all dressed alike and had scarves spliced on their dials." he looked at teal, and his gunmetal grey eyes were alight with challenge.'
Expected: 'It was Morini, of course, but we couldn't get a conviction--the defence'd produce half a dozen small men with washed-out blue eyes that you couldn't distinguish from Morini if they were all dressed alike and had scarves spliced on their dials." He looked at Teal, and his gunmetal grey eyes were alight with challenge.'
Actual:   'Itwasmorini,ofcourse,butwecouldn'tgetaconviction -- thedefence'dproducehalfadozensmallmenwithwashed-outblueeyesthatyoucouldn'tdistinguishfrommoriniiftheywerealldressedalikeandhadscarvessplicedontheirdials.'' Helookedatteal,andhisgunmetalgreyeyeswerealightwithchallenge.'
Type: Other error

Error #656:
Input:    '"and this is only the opening chorus.'
Expected: '"And this is only the opening chorus.'
Actual:   '``andthisisonlytheopeningchorus.'
Type: Other error

Error #657:
Input:    'you wait till the balloon goes up!" inspector teal stroked his bowler.'
Expected: 'You wait till the balloon goes up!" Inspector Teal stroked his bowler.'
Actual:   'Youwaittilltheballoongoesup!'' Inspectortealstrokedhisbowler.'
Type: Other error

Error #658:
Input:    '"where's hannassay?" he asked prosaically.'
Expected: '"Where's Hannassay?" he asked prosaically.'
Actual:   '``where'shannassay?'' Heaskedprosaically.'
Type: Other error

Error #659:
Input:    '"je-rusalem!'
Expected: '"Je-rusalem!'
Actual:   '``je-rusalem!'
Type: Other error

Error #660:
Input:    'i'd forgotten him.'
Expected: 'I'd forgotten him.'
Actual:   'I'dforgottenhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #661:
Input:    'the fireworks ought to have woken him if nothing else will." upstairs, after an unavailing assault on the door of hannassay's bedroom, storm went around to the adjoining bathroom, climbed out of the window, and edged his way perilously along a two-inch ledge with the assistance of a rickety drainpipe.'
Expected: 'The fireworks ought to have woken him if nothing else will." Upstairs, after an unavailing assault on the door of Hannassay's bedroom, Storm went around to the adjoining bathroom, climbed out of the window, and edged his way perilously along a two-inch ledge with the assistance of a rickety drainpipe.'
Actual:   'Thefireworksoughttohavewokenhimifnothingelsewill.'' Upstairs,afteranunavailingassaultonthedoorofhannassay'sbedroom,stormwentaroundtotheadjoiningbathroom,climbedoutofthewindow,andedgedhiswayperilouslyalongatwo-inchledgewiththeassistanceofaricketydrainpipe.'
Type: Other error

Error #662:
Input:    'he came back to report that the room was empty.'
Expected: 'He came back to report that the room was empty.'
Actual:   'Hecamebacktoreportthattheroomwasempty.'
Type: Other error

Error #663:
Input:    '"he must be out," susan said.'
Expected: '"He must be out," Susan said.'
Actual:   '``hemustbeout,''susansaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #664:
Input:    '"it never occurred to me, though--he generally tells me where and when he's going so that any important messages can be sent on." "did he always lock his bedroom?" asked storm, and she nodded.'
Expected: '"It never occurred to me, though--he generally tells me where and when he's going so that any important messages can be sent on." "Did he always lock his bedroom?" asked Storm, and she nodded.'
Actual:   '``itneveroccurredtome,though -- hegenerallytellsmewhereandwhenhe'sgoingsothatanyimportantmessagescanbesenton.'' ``didhealwayslockhisbedroom?'' Askedstorm,andshenodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #665:
Input:    '"he had a safe there with all his private papers.'
Expected: '"He had a safe there with all his private papers.'
Actual:   '``hehadasafetherewithallhisprivatepapers.'
Type: Other error

Error #666:
Input:    'the room's always locked as soon as his valet has swept it out to make the bed." "let's hope it wasn't burgled," said teal.'
Expected: 'The room's always locked as soon as his valet has swept it out to make the bed." "Let's hope it wasn't burgled," said Teal.'
Actual:   'Theroom'salwayslockedassoonashisvalethassweptitouttomakethebed.'' ``let'shopeitwasn'tburgled,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #667:
Input:    '"didn't you say there were two men at the back door?" they went round to the back, and the detective made an inspection with the aid of his pocket torch.'
Expected: '"Didn't you say there were two men at the back door?" They went round to the back, and the detective made an inspection with the aid of his pocket torch.'
Actual:   '``didn'tyousaythereweretwomenatthebackdoor?'' Theywentroundtotheback,andthedetectivemadeaninspectionwiththeaidofhispockettorch.'
Type: Other error

Error #668:
Input:    'the door had been burst open with a jemmy of a peculiar pattern, and inspector teal examined the marks with a professional eye.'
Expected: 'The door had been burst open with a jemmy of a peculiar pattern, and Inspector Teal examined the marks with a professional eye.'
Actual:   'Thedoorhadbeenburstopenwithajemmyofapeculiarpattern,andinspectortealexaminedthemarkswithaprofessionaleye.'
Type: Other error

Error #669:
Input:    '"that's prester john's work," he declared.'
Expected: '"That's Prester John's work," he declared.'
Actual:   '``that'spresterjohn'swork,''hedeclared.'
Type: Other error

Error #670:
Input:    '"i know that jemmy of his--he invented it himself, and it's guaranteed to make a safe look like a sardine tin." "get back to the yard and send an all-station call for morini and john," instructed storm.'
Expected: '"I know that jemmy of his--he invented it himself, and it's guaranteed to make a safe look like a sardine tin." "Get back to the Yard and send an all-station call for Morini and John," instructed Storm.'
Actual:   '``iknowthatjemmyofhis -- heinventedithimself,andit'sguaranteedtomakeasafelooklikeasardinetin.'' ``getbacktotheyardandsendanall-stationcallformoriniandjohn,''instructedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #671:
Input:    '"send henderson up here for the rest of the night, and tell rankin to be ready to relieve him at eight to-morrow.'
Expected: '"Send Henderson up here for the rest of the night, and tell Rankin to be ready to relieve him at eight to-morrow.'
Actual:   '``sendhendersonupherefortherestofthenight,andtellrankintobereadytorelievehimateightto-morrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #672:
Input:    'find out where they took mecklen, and ring me here.'
Expected: 'Find out where they took Mecklen, and ring me here.'
Actual:   'Findoutwheretheytookmecklen,andringmehere.'
Type: Other error

Error #673:
Input:    'i'll wait till henderson arrives....'
Expected: 'I'll wait till Henderson arrives....'
Actual:   'I'llwaittillhendersonarrives....'
Type: Other error

Error #674:
Input:    'there mayn't be another attempt to-night, but if there are any strategists on the staff of the triangle there may be.'
Expected: 'There mayn't be another attempt to-night, but if there are any strategists on the staff of the Triangle there may be.'
Actual:   'Theremayn'tbeanotherattemptto-night,butifthereareanystrategistsonthestaffofthetriangletheremaybe.'
Type: Other error

Error #675:
Input:    'oh, and tell henderson to bring some burglarious gadgets along with him--i want to see if that safe's all right.'
Expected: 'Oh, and tell Henderson to bring some burglarious gadgets along with him--I want to see if that safe's all right.'
Actual:   'Oh,andtellhendersontobringsomeburglariousgadgetsalongwithhim -- iwanttoseeifthatsafe'sallright.'
Type: Other error

Error #676:
Input:    'i can't get in through the window--there's a patent fastening inside, and not enough handhold outside for an athletic fly." when the detective had gone, he made a careful round of the room, but found nothing.'
Expected: 'I can't get in through the window--there's a patent fastening inside, and not enough handhold outside for an athletic fly." When the detective had gone, he made a careful round of the room, but found nothing.'
Actual:   'Ican'tgetinthroughthewindow -- there'sapatentfasteninginside,andnotenoughhandholdoutsideforanathleticfly.'' Whenthedetectivehadgone,hemadeacarefulroundoftheroom,butfoundnothing.'
Type: Other error

Error #677:
Input:    'then he turned to the girl.'
Expected: 'Then he turned to the girl.'
Actual:   'Thenheturnedtothegirl.'
Type: Other error

Error #678:
Input:    '"i don't know what it is you're supposed to have discovered," he said, "but there's a bad hombre in the background who seems to think you spoil the view!'
Expected: '"I don't know what it is you're supposed to have discovered," he said, "but there's a bad hombre in the background who seems to think you spoil the view!'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowwhatitisyou'resupposedtohavediscovered,''hesaid,``butthere'sabadhombreinthebackgroundwhoseemstothinkyouspoiltheview!'
Type: Other error

Error #679:
Input:    'can you remember anything unusual you've come across in hannassay's papers?" she thought for a moment.'
Expected: 'Can you remember anything unusual you've come across in Hannassay's papers?" She thought for a moment.'
Actual:   'Canyourememberanythingunusualyou'vecomeacrossinhannassay'spapers?'' Shethoughtforamoment.'
Type: Other error

Error #680:
Input:    'well, yes, a few days ago he made me search his files for something about a man named mattock.'
Expected: 'Well, yes, a few days ago he made me search his files for something about a man named Mattock.'
Actual:   'Well,yes,afewdaysagohemademesearchhisfilesforsomethingaboutamannamedmattock.'
Type: Other error

Error #681:
Input:    'somebody who forged a cheque with lord hannassay's signature and was caught and sent to prison." "did you mention that to anyone?" "i did, as a matter of fact, though i suppose i shouldn't have.'
Expected: 'Somebody who forged a cheque with Lord Hannassay's signature and was caught and sent to prison." "Did you mention that to anyone?" "I did, as a matter of fact, though I suppose I shouldn't have.'
Actual:   'Somebodywhoforgedachequewithlordhannassay'ssignatureandwascaughtandsenttoprison.'' ``didyoumentionthattoanyone?'' ``idid,asamatteroffact,thoughisupposeishouldn'thave.'
Type: Other error

Error #682:
Input:    'it was an uncle of mine on my mother's side--i didn't know where he was, but in the city the other day i ran into uncle joe and he made me have lunch with him.'
Expected: 'It was an uncle of mine on my mother's side--I didn't know where he was, but in the City the other day I ran into Uncle Joe and he made me have lunch with him.'
Actual:   'Itwasanuncleofmineonmymother'sside -- ididn'tknowwherehewas,butinthecitytheotherdayiranintounclejoeandhemademehavelunchwithhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #683:
Input:    'he always was interested in crime, and of course he started talking about it almost immediately.'
Expected: 'He always was interested in crime, and of course he started talking about it almost immediately.'
Actual:   'Healwayswasinterestedincrime,andofcoursehestartedtalkingaboutitalmostimmediately.'
Type: Other error

Error #684:
Input:    'then i happened to mention mattock's dossier, and he seemed awfully interested--but uncle joe's interested in the weirdest things." "uncle joe who?" storm asked.'
Expected: 'Then I happened to mention Mattock's dossier, and he seemed awfully interested--but Uncle Joe's interested in the weirdest things." "Uncle Joe who?" Storm asked.'
Actual:   'Thenihappenedtomentionmattock'sdossier,andheseemedawfullyinterested -- butunclejoe'sinterestedintheweirdestthings.'' ``unclejoewho?'' Stormasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #685:
Input:    '"blaythwayt.'
Expected: '"Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   '``blaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #686:
Input:    'he's got a job as manager----" "of the city and continental bank, lombard street, which same firm is honoured with the account of olaf the seabird.'
Expected: 'He's got a job as manager----" "Of the City and Continental Bank, Lombard Street, which same firm is honoured with the account of Olaf the Seabird.'
Actual:   'He'sgotajobasmanager --  -- ''``ofthecityandcontinentalbank,lombardstreet,whichsamefirmishonouredwiththeaccountofolaftheseabird.'
Type: Other error

Error #687:
Input:    'things do run in circles!'
Expected: 'Things do run in circles!'
Actual:   'Thingsdorunincircles!'
Type: Other error

Error #688:
Input:    'why isn't this regent's park?" just before henderson arrived a call came through on the upstairs telephone, and storm learned that lew mecklen had been taken to st.'
Expected: 'Why isn't this Regent's Park?" Just before Henderson arrived a call came through on the upstairs telephone, and Storm learned that Lew Mecklen had been taken to St.'
Actual:   'Whyisn'tthisregent'spark?'' Justbeforehendersonarrivedacallcamethroughontheupstairstelephone,andstormlearnedthatlewmecklenhadbeentakentost.'
Type: Other error

Error #689:
Input:    'george's hospital suffering from nothing more serious than a flesh wound in the thigh, and that a detective was already guarding him.'
Expected: 'George's Hospital suffering from nothing more serious than a flesh wound in the thigh, and that a detective was already guarding him.'
Actual:   'George'shospitalsufferingfromnothingmoreseriousthanafleshwoundinthethigh,andthatadetectivewasalreadyguardinghim.'
Type: Other error

Error #690:
Input:    'so far he had refused to make any statement.'
Expected: 'So far he had refused to make any statement.'
Actual:   'Sofarhehadrefusedtomakeanystatement.'
Type: Other error

Error #691:
Input:    '"i'll see him first thing to-morrow," said storm.'
Expected: '"I'll see him first thing to-morrow," said Storm.'
Actual:   '``i'llseehimfirstthingto-morrow,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #692:
Input:    '"get hold of the assistant commissioner.'
Expected: '"Get hold of the Assistant Commissioner.'
Actual:   '``getholdoftheassistantcommissioner.'
Type: Other error

Error #693:
Input:    'lew must be charged to-morrow morning." he shook hands with henderson and led the way upstairs.'
Expected: 'Lew must be charged to-morrow morning." He shook hands with Henderson and led the way upstairs.'
Actual:   'Lewmustbechargedto-morrowmorning.'' Heshookhandswithhendersonandledthewayupstairs.'
Type: Other error

Error #694:
Input:    'from the detective he received a small leather wallet of fine steel tools and reviewed them critically.'
Expected: 'From the detective he received a small leather wallet of fine steel tools and reviewed them critically.'
Actual:   'Fromthedetectivehereceivedasmallleatherwalletoffinesteeltoolsandreviewedthemcritically.'
Type: Other error

Error #695:
Input:    '"anyone might think i was going to smash a strongroom," he murmured.'
Expected: '"Anyone might think I was going to smash a strongroom," he murmured.'
Actual:   '``anyonemightthinkiwasgoingtosmashastrongroom,''hemurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #696:
Input:    '"gather round for a demonstration of expert yeggship!" it took him only a couple of minutes to manipulate the lock, and then he straightened himself and pushed open the door.'
Expected: '"Gather round for a demonstration of expert yeggship!" It took him only a couple of minutes to manipulate the lock, and then he straightened himself and pushed open the door.'
Actual:   '``gatherroundforademonstrationofexpertyeggship!'' Ittookhimonlyacoupleofminutestomanipulatethelock,andthenhestraightenedhimselfandpushedopenthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #697:
Input:    'the safe was untouched, and nothing appeared to have been disturbed.'
Expected: 'The safe was untouched, and nothing appeared to have been disturbed.'
Actual:   'Thesafewasuntouched,andnothingappearedtohavebeendisturbed.'
Type: Other error

Error #698:
Input:    '"this is not exciting," he remarked, and re-locked the door on the outside with his instruments.'
Expected: '"This is not exciting," he remarked, and re-locked the door on the outside with his instruments.'
Actual:   '``thisisnotexciting,''heremarked,andre-lockedthedoorontheoutsidewithhisinstruments.'
Type: Other error

Error #699:
Input:    'they returned to the library, and he gave henderson his instructions.'
Expected: 'They returned to the library, and he gave Henderson his instructions.'
Actual:   'Theyreturnedtothelibrary,andhegavehendersonhisinstructions.'
Type: Other error

Error #700:
Input:    '"of course, it's all wrong," he concluded.'
Expected: '"Of course, it's all wrong," he concluded.'
Actual:   '``ofcourse,it'sallwrong,''heconcluded.'
Type: Other error

Error #701:
Input:    '"the triangle are so keen on broadcasting their visiting cards--why haven't we got a memento of their call?" while henderson talked to the girl, storm embarked on a fresh search of the house.'
Expected: '"The Triangle are so keen on broadcasting their visiting cards--why haven't we got a memento of their call?" While Henderson talked to the girl, Storm embarked on a fresh search of the house.'
Actual:   '``thetrianglearesokeenonbroadcastingtheirvisitingcards -- whyhaven'twegotamementooftheircall?'' Whilehendersontalkedtothegirl,stormembarkedonafreshsearchofthehouse.'
Type: Other error

Error #702:
Input:    'he combed every inch of every room and corridor, and was raking the study upstairs when lord hannassay himself arrived.'
Expected: 'He combed every inch of every room and corridor, and was raking the study upstairs when Lord Hannassay himself arrived.'
Actual:   'Hecombedeveryinchofeveryroomandcorridor,andwasrakingthestudyupstairswhenlordhannassayhimselfarrived.'
Type: Other error

Error #703:
Input:    'storm heard the voices downstairs, and came down with the irritating belief that he had overlooked something.'
Expected: 'Storm heard the voices downstairs, and came down with the irritating belief that he had overlooked something.'
Actual:   'Stormheardthevoicesdownstairs,andcamedownwiththeirritatingbeliefthathehadoverlookedsomething.'
Type: Other error

Error #704:
Input:    'as a matter of fact, he had, for as he descended the stairs he saw something gleaming at the edge of the rug in the hall.'
Expected: 'As a matter of fact, he had, for as he descended the stairs he saw something gleaming at the edge of the rug in the hall.'
Actual:   'Asamatteroffact,hehad,forashedescendedthestairshesawsomethinggleamingattheedgeoftheruginthehall.'
Type: Other error

Error #705:
Input:    'it was a silver triangle similar to the one inspector teal had showed him, and had obviously been kicked out of sight when they charged in--it was barely visible except when it caught the light in a certain way.'
Expected: 'It was a silver triangle similar to the one Inspector Teal had showed him, and had obviously been kicked out of sight when they charged in--it was barely visible except when it caught the light in a certain way.'
Actual:   'Itwasasilvertrianglesimilartotheoneinspectortealhadshowedhim,andhadobviouslybeenkickedoutofsightwhentheychargedin -- itwasbarelyvisibleexceptwhenitcaughtthelightinacertainway.'
Type: Other error

Error #706:
Input:    'susan was just telling lord hannassay her story when storm stroked in.'
Expected: 'Susan was just telling Lord Hannassay her story when Storm stroked in.'
Actual:   'Susanwasjusttellinglordhannassayherstorywhenstormstrokedin.'
Type: Other error

Error #707:
Input:    '"look for the trade mark on every genuine article," he said.'
Expected: '"Look for the trade mark on every genuine article," he said.'
Actual:   '``lookforthetrademarkoneverygenuinearticle,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #708:
Input:    '"i hate these anonymous presents!" he held out the token in one triumphant palm as he spokes and the peer turned to greet him with a smile.'
Expected: '"I hate these anonymous presents!" He held out the token in one triumphant palm as he spokes and the peer turned to greet him with a smile.'
Actual:   '``ihatetheseanonymouspresents!'' Heheldoutthetokeninonetriumphantpalmashespokesandthepeerturnedtogreethimwithasmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #709:
Input:    '"oh, captain arden----" his voice trailed away, and they saw him suddenly go white.'
Expected: '"Oh, Captain Arden----" His voice trailed away, and they saw him suddenly go white.'
Actual:   '``oh,captainarden --  -- ''hisvoicetrailedaway,andtheysawhimsuddenlygowhite.'
Type: Other error

Error #710:
Input:    'henderson was just in time to catch him as he fell.'
Expected: 'Henderson was just in time to catch him as he fell.'
Actual:   'Hendersonwasjustintimetocatchhimashefell.'
Type: Other error

Error #711:
Input:    'inspector teal stood on the threshold, a burly figure, hat in hand.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal stood on the threshold, a burly figure, hat in hand.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealstoodonthethreshold,aburlyfigure,hatinhand.'
Type: Other error

Error #712:
Input:    '"i just dropped in----" he was starting to explain, and then he caught sight of the limp form in henderson's arms and his jaw dropped.'
Expected: '"I just dropped in----" he was starting to explain, and then he caught sight of the limp form in Henderson's arms and his jaw dropped.'
Actual:   '``ijustdroppedin --  -- ''hewasstartingtoexplain,andthenhecaughtsightofthelimpforminhenderson'sarmsandhisjawdropped.'
Type: Other error

Error #713:
Input:    'storm put an arm around hannassay and brushed henderson aside.'
Expected: 'Storm put an arm around Hannassay and brushed Henderson aside.'
Actual:   'Stormputanarmaroundhannassayandbrushedhendersonaside.'
Type: Other error

Error #714:
Input:    'then he jerked the unconscious man from the floor and, heavy as he was, carried him without any apparent effort to the chesterfield.'
Expected: 'Then he jerked the unconscious man from the floor and, heavy as he was, carried him without any apparent effort to the chesterfield.'
Actual:   'Thenhejerkedtheunconsciousmanfromthefloorand,heavyashewas,carriedhimwithoutanyapparentefforttothechesterfield.'
Type: Other error

Error #715:
Input:    'he left the two detectives to apply restoratives, and led the girl over to the window.'
Expected: 'He left the two detectives to apply restoratives, and led the girl over to the window.'
Actual:   'Heleftthetwodetectivestoapplyrestoratives,andledthegirlovertothewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #716:
Input:    'storm was the last man on earth she would ever have associated with nerves.'
Expected: 'Storm was the last man on earth she would ever have associated with nerves.'
Actual:   'Stormwasthelastmanonearthshewouldeverhaveassociatedwithnerves.'
Type: Other error

Error #717:
Input:    'he was too essentially virile--dynamic--and there was too much grim strength in every line of his lean, tanned face.'
Expected: 'He was too essentially virile--dynamic--and there was too much grim strength in every line of his lean, tanned face.'
Actual:   'Hewastooessentiallyvirile -- dynamic -- andtherewastoomuchgrimstrengthineverylineofhislean,tannedface.'
Type: Other error

Error #718:
Input:    'his eyes were as cold and steady as chilled granite, and his every least movement showed the supple grace of the born fighting man.'
Expected: 'His eyes were as cold and steady as chilled granite, and his every least movement showed the supple grace of the born fighting man.'
Actual:   'Hiseyeswereascoldandsteadyaschilledgranite,andhiseveryleastmovementshowedthesupplegraceofthebornfightingman.'
Type: Other error

Error #719:
Input:    'and yet the hand he laid on her arm trembled, and when he spoke she was amazed to detect the faintest unevenness in his voice.'
Expected: 'And yet the hand he laid on her arm trembled, and when he spoke she was amazed to detect the faintest unevenness in his voice.'
Actual:   'Andyetthehandhelaidonherarmtrembled,andwhenhespokeshewasamazedtodetectthefaintestunevennessinhisvoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #720:
Input:    '"hannassay fainted as though he'd seen a ghost, didn't he?" he said.'
Expected: '"Hannassay fainted as though he'd seen a ghost, didn't he?" he said.'
Actual:   '``hannassayfaintedasthoughhe'dseenaghost,didn'the?'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #721:
Input:    '"and i know the ghost.'
Expected: '"And I know the ghost.'
Actual:   '``andiknowtheghost.'
Type: Other error

Error #722:
Input:    'my god!---- life's queer!" "was it the triangle you showed him?" she asked.'
Expected: 'My God!---- Life's queer!" "Was it the Triangle you showed him?" she asked.'
Actual:   'Mygod! --  -- life'squeer!'' ``wasitthetriangleyoushowedhim?'' Sheasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #723:
Input:    'he shook his head, and his white teeth gleamed in a mirthless smile.'
Expected: 'He shook his head, and his white teeth gleamed in a mirthless smile.'
Actual:   'Heshookhishead,andhiswhiteteethgleamedinamirthlesssmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #724:
Input:    '"the triangle brought it, but the ghost's name was mattock!" said storm.'
Expected: '"The Triangle brought it, but the ghost's name was Mattock!" said Storm.'
Actual:   '``thetrianglebroughtit,buttheghost'snamewasmattock!'' Saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #725:
Input:    'chapter v blaythwayt on clues in spite of the hour, the nucleus of a crowd had already gathered outside, with that peculiar instinct for the morbid which is the gift of crowds; and storm had to fight his way to a taxi through the first batch of eager reporters.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER V BLAYTHWAYT ON CLUES In spite of the hour, the nucleus of a crowd had already gathered outside, with that peculiar instinct for the morbid which is the gift of crowds; and Storm had to fight his way to a taxi through the first batch of eager reporters.'
Actual:   'Chaptervblaythwaytoncluesinspiteofthehour,thenucleusofacrowdhadalreadygatheredoutside,withthatpeculiarinstinctforthemorbidwhichisthegiftofcrowds;andstormhadtofighthiswaytoataxithroughthefirstbatchofeagerreporters.'
Type: Other error

Error #726:
Input:    'he found the vanguard of another contingent sitting patiently on his doorstep when he got back to the albany, and was instantly deluged with questions.'
Expected: 'He found the vanguard of another contingent sitting patiently on his doorstep when he got back to the Albany, and was instantly deluged with questions.'
Actual:   'Hefoundthevanguardofanothercontingentsittingpatientlyonhisdoorstepwhenhegotbacktothealbany,andwasinstantlydelugedwithquestions.'
Type: Other error

Error #727:
Input:    '"i can give you no information at present," he repeated for the umteenth time.'
Expected: '"I can give you no information at present," he repeated for the umteenth time.'
Actual:   '``icangiveyounoinformationatpresent,''herepeatedfortheumteenthtime.'
Type: Other error

Error #728:
Input:    '"also, i want to get a couple of hours' rest before breakfast.'
Expected: '"Also, I want to get a couple of hours' rest before breakfast.'
Actual:   '``also,iwanttogetacoupleofhours'restbeforebreakfast.'
Type: Other error

Error #729:
Input:    'try your luck later." fifteen minutes afterwards he rolled into bed and fell at once into a calm, untroubled sleep.'
Expected: 'Try your luck later." Fifteen minutes afterwards he rolled into bed and fell at once into a calm, untroubled sleep.'
Actual:   'Tryyourlucklater.'' Fifteenminutesafterwardsherolledintobedandfellatonceintoacalm,untroubledsleep.'
Type: Other error

Error #730:
Input:    'he breakfasted at seven-thirty in his dressing-gown, already bathed and shaved, and he was looking as cool and fresh as if he had had nine hours' healthy slumber instead of two.'
Expected: 'He breakfasted at seven-thirty in his dressing-gown, already bathed and shaved, and he was looking as cool and fresh as if he had had nine hours' healthy slumber instead of two.'
Actual:   'Hebreakfastedatseven-thirtyinhisdressing-gown,alreadybathedandshaved,andhewaslookingascoolandfreshasifhehadhadninehours'healthyslumberinsteadoftwo.'
Type: Other error

Error #731:
Input:    'the table was littered with newspapers, and folded sheets were propped up against every available support in front of him.'
Expected: 'The table was littered with newspapers, and folded sheets were propped up against every available support in front of him.'
Actual:   'Thetablewaslitteredwithnewspapers,andfoldedsheetswereproppedupagainsteveryavailablesupportinfrontofhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #732:
Input:    'he read while he ate.'
Expected: 'He read while he ate.'
Actual:   'Hereadwhileheate.'
Type: Other error

Error #733:
Input:    'in spite of his own reticence, someone at the yard had evidently talked unguardedly, for the stop-press columns were full of sensational hints in small closely set type.'
Expected: 'In spite of his own reticence, someone at the Yard had evidently talked unguardedly, for the stop-press columns were full of sensational hints in small closely set type.'
Actual:   'Inspiteofhisownreticence,someoneattheyardhadevidentlytalkedunguardedly,forthestop-presscolumnswerefullofsensationalhintsinsmallcloselysettype.'
Type: Other error

Error #734:
Input:    '"this will be all over the world in three hours," he said resignedly, and inspector teal, who had dropped in for a cup of coffee, nodded.'
Expected: '"This will be all over the world in three hours," he said resignedly, and Inspector Teal, who had dropped in for a cup of coffee, nodded.'
Actual:   '``thiswillbeallovertheworldinthreehours,''hesaidresignedly,andinspectorteal,whohaddroppedinforacupofcoffee,nodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #735:
Input:    '"i don't know that it matters much.'
Expected: '"I don't know that it matters much.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowthatitmattersmuch.'
Type: Other error

Error #736:
Input:    'the real point of advertising a crime is to call up the noses, and i doubt if there'll be much nosing the triangle.'
Expected: 'The real point of advertising a crime is to call up the noses, and I doubt if there'll be much nosing the Triangle.'
Actual:   'Therealpointofadvertisingacrimeistocallupthenoses,andidoubtifthere'llbemuchnosingthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #737:
Input:    'do you know, when they searched lew he had five hundred pounds on him?'
Expected: 'Do you know, when they searched Lew he had five hundred pounds on him?'
Actual:   'Doyouknow,whentheysearchedlewhehadfivehundredpoundsonhim?'
Type: Other error

Error #738:
Input:    'you can't nose a gang who can pay that well." storm drove down to the hospital after breakfast to see the injured gunman, and found him confidently defiant.'
Expected: 'You can't nose a gang who can pay that well." Storm drove down to the hospital after breakfast to see the injured gunman, and found him confidently defiant.'
Actual:   'Youcan'tnoseagangwhocanpaythatwell.'' Stormdrovedowntothehospitalafterbreakfasttoseetheinjuredgunman,andfoundhimconfidentlydefiant.'
Type: Other error

Error #739:
Input:    '"ef yew think yew're gonna git a squeak outer me, yew sure gotten another guess comin', cap." storm sat down by the side of the bed and lighted a cigarette.'
Expected: '"Ef yew think yew're gonna git a squeak outer me, yew sure gotten another guess comin', Cap." Storm sat down by the side of the bed and lighted a cigarette.'
Actual:   '``efyewthinkyew'regonnagitasqueakouterme,yewsuregottenanotherguesscomin',cap.'' Stormsatdownbythesideofthebedandlightedacigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #740:
Input:    'he had already surmised that it would be difficult to make lew mecklen talk, and he had the disadvantage of being on the right side of the law, which put the more obvious methods of securing information out of the question.'
Expected: 'He had already surmised that it would be difficult to make Lew Mecklen talk, and he had the disadvantage of being on the right side of the law, which put the more obvious methods of securing information out of the question.'
Actual:   'Hehadalreadysurmisedthatitwouldbedifficulttomakelewmecklentalk,andhehadthedisadvantageofbeingontherightsideofthelaw,whichputthemoreobviousmethodsofsecuringinformationoutofthequestion.'
Type: Other error

Error #741:
Input:    '"i don't know what the law is in the states," he said, "and i don't know if you know what it is over here.'
Expected: '"I don't know what the law is in the States," he said, "and I don't know if you know what it is over here.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowwhatthelawisinthestates,''hesaid,``andidon'tknowifyouknowwhatitisoverhere.'
Type: Other error

Error #742:
Input:    'anyway, in england we have a thing called king's evidence, and it's saved one or two people's necks before now." lew shook his head.'
Expected: 'Anyway, in England we have a thing called King's Evidence, and it's saved one or two people's necks before now." Lew shook his head.'
Actual:   'Anyway,inenglandwehaveathingcalledking'sevidence,andit'ssavedoneortwopeople'snecksbeforenow.'' Lewshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #743:
Input:    '"quit kiddin', son," he advised.'
Expected: '"Quit kiddin', son," he advised.'
Actual:   '``quitkiddin',son,''headvised.'
Type: Other error

Error #744:
Input:    '"yew cain't hang me fer doin' a bit of fancy shootin' around yore haid.'
Expected: '"Yew cain't hang me fer doin' a bit of fancy shootin' around yore haid.'
Actual:   '``yewcain'thangmeferdoin'abitoffancyshootin'aroundyorehaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #745:
Input:    'yew weren't injured any.'
Expected: 'Yew weren't injured any.'
Actual:   'Yewweren'tinjuredany.'
Type: Other error

Error #746:
Input:    'all yew bulls c'n do is ter lock me up fer a time--an' then i've gotten yew all skinned a mile!" the thought seemed to amuse him, for his big chest heaved with silent guffaws.'
Expected: 'All yew bulls c'n do is ter lock me up fer a time--an' then I've gotten yew all skinned a mile!" The thought seemed to amuse him, for his big chest heaved with silent guffaws.'
Actual:   'Allyewbullsc'ndoisterlockmeupferatime -- an'theni'vegottenyewallskinnedamile!'' Thethoughtseemedtoamusehim,forhisbigchestheavedwithsilentguffaws.'
Type: Other error

Error #747:
Input:    '"you can get your sentence reduced by helping us to round up the rest of the gang," storm pointed out.'
Expected: '"You can get your sentence reduced by helping us to round up the rest of the gang," Storm pointed out.'
Actual:   '``youcangetyoursentencereducedbyhelpingustorounduptherestofthegang,''stormpointedout.'
Type: Other error

Error #748:
Input:    '"and i can get you a longer stretch if you're obstinate." "yew c'n go ter hell any time," said mecklen, and chuckled again.'
Expected: '"And I can get you a longer stretch if you're obstinate." "Yew c'n go ter hell any time," said Mecklen, and chuckled again.'
Actual:   '``andicangetyoualongerstretchifyou'reobstinate.'' ``yewc'ngoterhellanytime,''saidmecklen,andchuckledagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #749:
Input:    '"aw--mother!'
Expected: '"Aw--mother!'
Actual:   '``aw -- mother!'
Type: Other error

Error #750:
Input:    'take 'im outside an' tie a halo round 'is baby braow.'
Expected: 'Take 'im outside an' tie a halo round 'is baby braow.'
Actual:   'Take'imoutsidean'tieahaloround'isbabybraow.'
Type: Other error

Error #751:
Input:    'tell me good-bye, buddy, an' go home, or yew'll make me die laughin'!'
Expected: 'Tell me good-bye, buddy, an' go home, or yew'll make me die laughin'!'
Actual:   'Tellmegood-bye,buddy,an'gohome,oryew'llmakemedielaughin'!'
Type: Other error

Error #752:
Input:    'put ole lew in jail?" he scoffed.'
Expected: 'Put ole Lew in jail?" he scoffed.'
Actual:   'Putolelewinjail?'' Hescoffed.'
Type: Other error

Error #753:
Input:    '"i'm an amurrican cidizen, bo, an' don't yew fergit it." "since when has america been using the slums of leipzig as a breeding-ground?" inquired storm mildly.'
Expected: '"I'm an Amurrican cidizen, bo, an' don't yew fergit it." "Since when has America been using the slums of Leipzig as a breeding-ground?" inquired Storm mildly.'
Actual:   '``i'manamurricancidizen,bo,an'don'tyewfergitit.'' ``sincewhenhasamericabeenusingtheslumsofleipzigasabreeding-ground?'' Inquiredstormmildly.'
Type: Other error

Error #754:
Input:    '"mecklen, you synthetic americans make me tired!'
Expected: '"Mecklen, you synthetic Americans make me tired!'
Actual:   '``mecklen,yousyntheticamericansmakemetired!'
Type: Other error

Error #755:
Input:    'in case you're interested, i'll say you're nothing more than a fourth-rate hun thug, and your pal morini's about as american as you are--which means he's a plain ornery dago!" he held a consultation with the house-surgeon, and was unaccountably annoyed at the report he received.'
Expected: 'In case you're interested, I'll say you're nothing more than a fourth-rate Hun thug, and your pal Morini's about as American as you are--which means he's a plain ornery Dago!" He held a consultation with the house-surgeon, and was unaccountably annoyed at the report he received.'
Actual:   'Incaseyou'reinterested,i'llsayyou'renothingmorethanafourth-ratehunthug,andyourpalmorini'saboutasamericanasyouare -- whichmeanshe'saplainornerydago!'' Heheldaconsultationwiththehouse-surgeon,andwasunaccountablyannoyedatthereporthereceived.'
Type: Other error

Error #756:
Input:    '"of course, if you insist, captain arden, i can do nothing; but i strongly advise against moving him." "how long is it likely to be before we can take him away?" storm asked, and the doctor spread out his hands.'
Expected: '"Of course, if you insist, Captain Arden, I can do nothing; but I strongly advise against moving him." "How long is it likely to be before we can take him away?" Storm asked, and the doctor spread out his hands.'
Actual:   '``ofcourse,ifyouinsist,captainarden,icandonothing;butistronglyadviseagainstmovinghim.'' ``howlongisitlikelytobebeforewecantakehimaway?'' Stormasked,andthedoctorspreadouthishands.'
Type: Other error

Error #757:
Input:    '"it may be any time," was his unsatisfactory answer.'
Expected: '"It may be any time," was his unsatisfactory answer.'
Actual:   '``itmaybeanytime,''washisunsatisfactoryanswer.'
Type: Other error

Error #758:
Input:    '"i'll do my best to get him patched up as soon as possible--you can be sure of that.'
Expected: '"I'll do my best to get him patched up as soon as possible--you can be sure of that.'
Actual:   '``i'lldomybesttogethimpatchedupassoonaspossible -- youcanbesureofthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #759:
Input:    'but if you move him now, you may be sued for damages later, and that wouldn't do you any good." as storm drove back along piccadilly he saw that nearly every poster advertising the early editions of the evening papers bore an enlarged reproduction of the alpha triangle.'
Expected: 'But if you move him now, you may be sued for damages later, and that wouldn't do you any good." As Storm drove back along Piccadilly he saw that nearly every poster advertising the early editions of the evening papers bore an enlarged reproduction of the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   'Butifyoumovehimnow,youmaybesuedfordamageslater,andthatwouldn'tdoyouanygood.'' Asstormdrovebackalongpiccadillyhesawthatnearlyeveryposteradvertisingtheearlyeditionsoftheeveningpapersboreanenlargedreproductionofthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #760:
Input:    'he bought a copy of the _evening record_ and found the latest fleet street conjectures stunted across four columns and crowned with bloodcurdling headlines.'
Expected: 'He bought a copy of the _Evening Record_ and found the latest Fleet Street conjectures stunted across four columns and crowned with bloodcurdling headlines.'
Actual:   'Heboughtacopyofthe_eveningrecord_andfoundthelatestfleetstreetconjecturesstuntedacrossfourcolumnsandcrownedwithbloodcurdlingheadlines.'
Type: Other error

Error #761:
Input:    'he rang up susan from scotland yard, and had the disappointment of hearing that she was already engaged for lunch.'
Expected: 'He rang up Susan from Scotland Yard, and had the disappointment of hearing that she was already engaged for lunch.'
Actual:   'Herangupsusanfromscotlandyard,andhadthedisappointmentofhearingthatshewasalreadyengagedforlunch.'
Type: Other error

Error #762:
Input:    '"lord hannassay leaves for a holiday the day after to-morrow," she added.'
Expected: '"Lord Hannassay leaves for a holiday the day after to-morrow," she added.'
Actual:   '``lordhannassayleavesforaholidaythedayafterto-morrow,''sheadded.'
Type: Other error

Error #763:
Input:    '"he's going down through spain, then to teneriffe, and finishing up with a tour down the west african coast." this was news to storm, and, incidentally, an unexpected blessing for with lord hannassay out of the way a responsibility would be off his hands.'
Expected: '"He's going down through Spain, then to Teneriffe, and finishing up with a tour down the West African coast." This was news to Storm, and, incidentally, an unexpected blessing for with Lord Hannassay out of the way a responsibility would be off his hands.'
Actual:   '``he'sgoingdownthroughspain,thentoteneriffe,andfinishingupwithatourdownthewestafricancoast.'' Thiswasnewstostorm,and,incidentally,anunexpectedblessingforwithlordhannassayoutofthewayaresponsibilitywouldbeoffhishands.'
Type: Other error

Error #764:
Input:    '"who are you lunching with?" he demanded jealously.'
Expected: '"Who are you lunching with?" he demanded jealously.'
Actual:   '``whoareyoulunchingwith?'' Hedemandedjealously.'
Type: Other error

Error #765:
Input:    '"uncle joe." "damn uncle joe!" snarled storm, and her soft, amused laughter reached his ears before he hung up the receiver.'
Expected: '"Uncle Joe." "Damn Uncle Joe!" snarled Storm, and her soft, amused laughter reached his ears before he hung up the receiver.'
Actual:   '``unclejoe.'' ``damnunclejoe!'' Snarledstorm,andhersoft,amusedlaughterreachedhisearsbeforehehungupthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #766:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt had come into his own.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt had come into his own.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaythadcomeintohisown.'
Type: Other error

Error #767:
Input:    'few of the callers he interviewed that morning failed to make some remarks about the triangle, and joe made the best of the secondhand scraps of out-of-the-way knowledge he had acquired from inspector teal.'
Expected: 'Few of the callers he interviewed that morning failed to make some remarks about the Triangle, and Joe made the best of the secondhand scraps of out-of-the-way knowledge he had acquired from Inspector Teal.'
Actual:   'Fewofthecallersheinterviewedthatmorningfailedtomakesomeremarksaboutthetriangle,andjoemadethebestofthesecondhandscrapsofout-of-the-wayknowledgehehadacquiredfrominspectorteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #768:
Input:    '"i know criminals," he would say to the scoffers, with morbid satisfaction.'
Expected: '"I know criminals," he would say to the scoffers, with morbid satisfaction.'
Actual:   '``iknowcriminals,''hewouldsaytothescoffers,withmorbidsatisfaction.'
Type: Other error

Error #769:
Input:    'nevertheless, the joe blaythwayt who discussed evil-doers and evil deeds with a central detective-inspector in his leisure moments was a very different man from the joe blaythwayt who conducted the business of the lombard street branch of the city and continental bank.'
Expected: 'Nevertheless, the Joe Blaythwayt who discussed evil-doers and evil deeds with a Central Detective-Inspector in his leisure moments was a very different man from the Joe Blaythwayt who conducted the business of the Lombard Street branch of the City and Continental Bank.'
Actual:   'Nevertheless,thejoeblaythwaytwhodiscussedevil-doersandevildeedswithacentraldetective-inspectorinhisleisuremomentswasaverydifferentmanfromthejoeblaythwaytwhoconductedthebusinessofthelombardstreetbranchofthecityandcontinentalbank.'
Type: Other error

Error #770:
Input:    'still alert, eyes still ready to twinkle, frequent of laughter--yes.'
Expected: 'Still alert, eyes still ready to twinkle, frequent of laughter--yes.'
Actual:   'Stillalert,eyesstillreadytotwinkle,frequentoflaughter -- yes.'
Type: Other error

Error #771:
Input:    'but eminently practical and business-like.'
Expected: 'But eminently practical and business-like.'
Actual:   'Buteminentlypracticalandbusiness-like.'
Type: Other error

Error #772:
Input:    'he was business-like when he held his usual weekly interview with raegenssen in the snug little office to which the roar of traffic came but faintly.'
Expected: 'He was business-like when he held his usual weekly interview with Raegenssen in the snug little office to which the roar of traffic came but faintly.'
Actual:   'Hewasbusiness-likewhenheheldhisusualweeklyinterviewwithraegensseninthesnuglittleofficetowhichtheroaroftrafficcamebutfaintly.'
Type: Other error

Error #773:
Input:    'it was a highly business-like occasion--one of those colossal moments during which the most unassuming man is justified in donning horn-rimmed spectacles and a cigar, sticking his thumbs in the armholes of his waistcoat, and generally adopting the accent and demeanour of the man of big business.'
Expected: 'It was a highly business-like occasion--one of those colossal moments during which the most unassuming man is justified in donning horn-rimmed spectacles and a cigar, sticking his thumbs in the armholes of his waistcoat, and generally adopting the accent and demeanour of the Man of Big Business.'
Actual:   'Itwasahighlybusiness-likeoccasion -- oneofthosecolossalmomentsduringwhichthemostunassumingmanisjustifiedindonninghorn-rimmedspectaclesandacigar,stickinghisthumbsinthearmholesofhiswaistcoat,andgenerallyadoptingtheaccentanddemeanourofthemanofbigbusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #774:
Input:    'for raegenssen was augmenting his account by a sum which exceeded even his ordinary weekly contributions--and they would have represented blaythwayt's income for a year.'
Expected: 'For Raegenssen was augmenting his account by a sum which exceeded even his ordinary weekly contributions--and they would have represented Blaythwayt's income for a year.'
Actual:   'Forraegenssenwasaugmentinghisaccountbyasumwhichexceededevenhisordinaryweeklycontributions -- andtheywouldhaverepresentedblaythwayt'sincomeforayear.'
Type: Other error

Error #775:
Input:    'he dropped a wad of hundred-pound notes on the table as carelessly as a merely rich man might have paid in a handful of fivers.'
Expected: 'He dropped a wad of hundred-pound notes on the table as carelessly as a merely rich man might have paid in a handful of fivers.'
Actual:   'Hedroppedawadofhundred-poundnotesonthetableascarelesslyasamerelyrichmanmighthavepaidinahandfuloffivers.'
Type: Other error

Error #776:
Input:    'the manager counted them with a similar dispassionate air, and passed them over to the cashier as if they were so much waste paper; for joe blaythwayt was a stickler for the etiquette of his profession.'
Expected: 'The manager counted them with a similar dispassionate air, and passed them over to the cashier as if they were so much waste paper; for Joe Blaythwayt was a stickler for the etiquette of his profession.'
Actual:   'Themanagercountedthemwithasimilardispassionateair,andpassedthemovertothecashierasiftheyweresomuchwastepaper;forjoeblaythwaytwasasticklerfortheetiquetteofhisprofession.'
Type: Other error

Error #777:
Input:    'but, business over, he degenerated into a human being.'
Expected: 'But, business over, he degenerated into a human being.'
Actual:   'But,businessover,hedegeneratedintoahumanbeing.'
Type: Other error

Error #778:
Input:    '"of course, you've seen the papers," he remarked.'
Expected: '"Of course, you've seen the papers," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``ofcourse,you'veseenthepapers,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #779:
Input:    'the swede nodded.'
Expected: 'The Swede nodded.'
Actual:   'Theswedenodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #780:
Input:    '"it is ter pig bluff," he said.'
Expected: '"It is ter pig bluff," he said.'
Actual:   '``itisterpigbluff,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #781:
Input:    'he glared at the inoffensive joe as though he suspected him of being in league with the gang.'
Expected: 'He glared at the inoffensive Joe as though he suspected him of being in league with the gang.'
Actual:   'Heglaredattheinoffensivejoeasthoughhesuspectedhimofbeinginleaguewiththegang.'
Type: Other error

Error #782:
Input:    '"plackmail!" he declared violently.'
Expected: '"Plackmail!" he declared violently.'
Actual:   '``plackmail!'' Hedeclaredviolently.'
Type: Other error

Error #783:
Input:    '"ant i shall nod bay!" blaythwayt watched the departure of the huge viking figure in its ill-fitting clothes thoughtfully.'
Expected: '"Ant I shall nod bay!" Blaythwayt watched the departure of the huge Viking figure in its ill-fitting clothes thoughtfully.'
Actual:   '``antishallnodbay!'' Blaythwaytwatchedthedepartureofthehugevikingfigureinitsill-fittingclothesthoughtfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #784:
Input:    'oscar raegenssen drove back to cockspur street, where he occupied a palatial suite of offices in scandinavia house.'
Expected: 'Oscar Raegenssen drove back to Cockspur Street, where he occupied a palatial suite of offices in Scandinavia House.'
Actual:   'Oscarraegenssendrovebacktocockspurstreet,whereheoccupiedapalatialsuiteofofficesinscandinaviahouse.'
Type: Other error

Error #785:
Input:    'he sat over his desk for a long time, his big, capable hands toying with a ridiculously small pencil.'
Expected: 'He sat over his desk for a long time, his big, capable hands toying with a ridiculously small pencil.'
Actual:   'Hesatoverhisdeskforalongtime,hisbig,capablehandstoyingwitharidiculouslysmallpencil.'
Type: Other error

Error #786:
Input:    'crag-like jaw outthrust, he stared truculently into space.'
Expected: 'Crag-like jaw outthrust, he stared truculently into space.'
Actual:   'Crag-likejawoutthrust,hestaredtruculentlyintospace.'
Type: Other error

Error #787:
Input:    'his leonine head was set at an arrogant angle--he looked by no means an easy man to intimidate.'
Expected: 'His leonine head was set at an arrogant angle--he looked by no means an easy man to intimidate.'
Actual:   'Hisleonineheadwassetatanarrogantangle -- helookedbynomeansaneasymantointimidate.'
Type: Other error

Error #788:
Input:    'presently he pressed the bell at his side, and there was a knock on the door.'
Expected: 'Presently he pressed the bell at his side, and there was a knock on the door.'
Actual:   'Presentlyhepressedthebellathisside,andtherewasaknockonthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #789:
Input:    '"gom!" he commanded curtly, and mattock entered.'
Expected: '"Gom!" he commanded curtly, and Mattock entered.'
Actual:   '``gom!'' Hecommandedcurtly,andmattockentered.'
Type: Other error

Error #790:
Input:    'raegenssen took the little bundle of pink slips from his clerk's hand and spread them out on the blotting-paper in front of him.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen took the little bundle of pink slips from his clerk's hand and spread them out on the blotting-paper in front of him.'
Actual:   'Raegenssentookthelittlebundleofpinkslipsfromhisclerk'shandandspreadthemoutontheblotting-paperinfrontofhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #791:
Input:    'with ponderous deliberation he scrawled his thick untidy signature in the bottom right-hand corner of each; and when he had finished he gathered them up, counted them, and studied every one minutely.'
Expected: 'With ponderous deliberation he scrawled his thick untidy signature in the bottom right-hand corner of each; and when he had finished he gathered them up, counted them, and studied every one minutely.'
Actual:   'Withponderousdeliberationhescrawledhisthickuntidysignatureinthebottomright-handcornerofeach;andwhenhehadfinishedhegatheredthemup,countedthem,andstudiedeveryoneminutely.'
Type: Other error

Error #792:
Input:    '"two are missing!" "i have them here," mattock said.'
Expected: '"Two are missing!" "I have them here," Mattock said.'
Actual:   '``twoaremissing!'' ``ihavethemhere,''mattocksaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #793:
Input:    '"i've written nothing on them--they're for large sums." "why?" mattock showed his teeth.'
Expected: '"I've written nothing on them--they're for large sums." "Why?" Mattock showed his teeth.'
Actual:   '``i'vewrittennothingonthem -- they'reforlargesums.'' ``why?'' Mattockshowedhisteeth.'
Type: Other error

Error #794:
Input:    '"you forget my reputation, sir," he said gently.'
Expected: '"You forget my reputation, sir," he said gently.'
Actual:   '``youforgetmyreputation,sir,''hesaidgently.'
Type: Other error

Error #795:
Input:    'raegenssen regarded his clerk inscrutably.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen regarded his clerk inscrutably.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenregardedhisclerkinscrutably.'
Type: Other error

Error #796:
Input:    'mattock met the stare boldly--almost insolently.'
Expected: 'Mattock met the stare boldly--almost insolently.'
Actual:   'Mattockmetthestareboldly -- almostinsolently.'
Type: Other error

Error #797:
Input:    'then, without a word, raegenssen wrote out the cheques, blotted them, and handed them back.'
Expected: 'Then, without a word, Raegenssen wrote out the cheques, blotted them, and handed them back.'
Actual:   'Then,withoutaword,raegenssenwroteoutthecheques,blottedthem,andhandedthemback.'
Type: Other error

Error #798:
Input:    'although raegenssen's were vaguely described in the directory as "agents," the city knew them very little.'
Expected: 'Although Raegenssen's were vaguely described in the directory as "Agents," the City knew them very little.'
Actual:   'Althoughraegenssen'swerevaguelydescribedinthedirectoryas``agents,''thecityknewthemverylittle.'
Type: Other error

Error #799:
Input:    'it was rumoured that the swede was a gigantic speculator in foreign exchanges, and certainly large sums of exotic currencies passed through the scandinavia house offices and between london and the firm's correspondents in marseilles, lisbon, amsterdam and genoa.'
Expected: 'It was rumoured that the Swede was a gigantic speculator in foreign exchanges, and certainly large sums of exotic currencies passed through the Scandinavia House offices and between London and the firm's correspondents in Marseilles, Lisbon, Amsterdam and Genoa.'
Actual:   'Itwasrumouredthattheswedewasagiganticspeculatorinforeignexchanges,andcertainlylargesumsofexoticcurrenciespassedthroughthescandinaviahouseofficesandbetweenlondonandthefirm'scorrespondentsinmarseilles,lisbon,amsterdamandgenoa.'
Type: Other error

Error #800:
Input:    '"next week ter will pe ingoming monies.'
Expected: '"Next week ter will pe ingoming monies.'
Actual:   '``nextweekterwillpeingomingmonies.'
Type: Other error

Error #801:
Input:    'you will nodify amstertam as usual.'
Expected: 'You will nodify Amstertam as usual.'
Actual:   'Youwillnodifyamstertamasusual.'
Type: Other error

Error #802:
Input:    'that iss all.'
Expected: 'That iss all.'
Actual:   'Thatissall.'
Type: Other error

Error #803:
Input:    'go!" "there was something i wanted to mention, sir, if you'll excuse me," mattock said.'
Expected: 'Go!" "There was something I wanted to mention, sir, if you'll excuse me," Mattock said.'
Actual:   'Go!'' ``therewassomethingiwantedtomention,sir,ifyou'llexcuseme,''mattocksaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #804:
Input:    '"gondinue--yess?" "the safe you have in the office is of an old pattern.'
Expected: '"Gondinue--yess?" "The safe you have in the office is of an old pattern.'
Actual:   '``gondinue -- yess?'' ``thesafeyouhaveintheofficeisofanoldpattern.'
Type: Other error

Error #805:
Input:    'it would be child's play to an expert safe-breaker." "gondinue--yess?" "mightn't it be wiser, sir, to get a new safe--or, better still, keep the papers at the bank?'
Expected: 'It would be child's play to an expert safe-breaker." "Gondinue--yess?" "Mightn't it be wiser, sir, to get a new safe--or, better still, keep the papers at the bank?'
Actual:   'Itwouldbechild'splaytoanexpertsafe-breaker.'' ``gondinue -- yess?'' ``mightn'titbewiser,sir,togetanewsafe -- or,betterstill,keepthepapersatthebank?'
Type: Other error

Error #806:
Input:    'if anything should happen, the police would be after me at once.'
Expected: 'If anything should happen, the police would be after me at once.'
Actual:   'Ifanythingshouldhappen,thepolicewouldbeaftermeatonce.'
Type: Other error

Error #807:
Input:    'once a man's made a break, they never let him go." "gondinue--yess?" "they are rather private papers, sir?" cold blue eyes bored mercilessly into insolent brown ones.'
Expected: 'Once a man's made a break, they never let him go." "Gondinue--yess?" "They are rather private papers, sir?" Cold blue eyes bored mercilessly into insolent brown ones.'
Actual:   'Onceaman'smadeabreak,theyneverlethimgo.'' ``gondinue -- yess?'' ``theyareratherprivatepapers,sir?'' Coldblueeyesboredmercilesslyintoinsolentbrownones.'
Type: Other error

Error #808:
Input:    '"hof you seen ter babers?" "no, sir, but--" "what mages you tink we hof anydings to gonceal?" "nothing, sir, but the private correspondence of any business--" "gondinue--yess?" "that's all, sir," mattock concluded lamely.'
Expected: '"Hof you seen ter babers?" "No, sir, but--" "What mages you tink we hof anydings to gonceal?" "Nothing, sir, but the private correspondence of any business--" "Gondinue--yess?" "That's all, sir," Mattock concluded lamely.'
Actual:   '``hofyouseenterbabers?'' ``no,sir,but -- ''``whatmagesyoutinkwehofanydingstogonceal?'' ``nothing,sir,buttheprivatecorrespondenceofanybusiness -- ''``gondinue -- yess?'' ``that'sall,sir,''mattockconcludedlamely.'
Type: Other error

Error #809:
Input:    '"thang you.'
Expected: '"Thang you.'
Actual:   '``thangyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #810:
Input:    'go!" towards three o'clock raegenssen rose, tidied his desk, picked up his battered felt hat.'
Expected: 'Go!" Towards three o'clock Raegenssen rose, tidied his desk, picked up his battered felt hat.'
Actual:   'Go!'' Towardsthreeo'clockraegenssenrose,tidiedhisdesk,pickeduphisbatteredfelthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #811:
Input:    'the safe to which mattock had taken exception stood in one corner of the room--a great massive affair that seemed to occupy half the office.'
Expected: 'The safe to which Mattock had taken exception stood in one corner of the room--a great massive affair that seemed to occupy half the office.'
Actual:   'Thesafetowhichmattockhadtakenexceptionstoodinonecorneroftheroom -- agreatmassiveaffairthatseemedtooccupyhalftheoffice.'
Type: Other error

Error #812:
Input:    'it was eight feet high by three feet wide by three feet deep, and it was oscar raegenssen's especial joy.'
Expected: 'It was eight feet high by three feet wide by three feet deep, and it was Oscar Raegenssen's especial joy.'
Actual:   'Itwaseightfeethighbythreefeetwidebythreefeetdeep,anditwasoscarraegenssen'sespecialjoy.'
Type: Other error

Error #813:
Input:    'there was a glitter of amusement in his eyes as he comprehended its imposing bulk.'
Expected: 'There was a glitter of amusement in his eyes as he comprehended its imposing bulk.'
Actual:   'Therewasaglitterofamusementinhiseyesashecomprehendeditsimposingbulk.'
Type: Other error

Error #814:
Input:    'he locked the door of his sanctum and passed through the outer office where his two clerks and mattock worked.'
Expected: 'He locked the door of his sanctum and passed through the outer office where his two clerks and Mattock worked.'
Actual:   'Helockedthedoorofhissanctumandpassedthroughtheouterofficewherehistwoclerksandmattockworked.'
Type: Other error

Error #815:
Input:    'only mattock was left, and he was at that moment drawing on his waterproof preparatory to departure, for raegenssen's closed early.'
Expected: 'Only Mattock was left, and he was at that moment drawing on his waterproof preparatory to departure, for Raegenssen's closed early.'
Actual:   'Onlymattockwasleft,andhewasatthatmomentdrawingonhiswaterproofpreparatorytodeparture,forraegenssen'sclosedearly.'
Type: Other error

Error #816:
Input:    '"it's come on to rain, sir," he remarked.'
Expected: '"It's come on to rain, sir," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``it'scomeontorain,sir,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #817:
Input:    '"have you your car outside, or shall i fetch a taxi?" "ter gar is in st.'
Expected: '"Have you your car outside, or shall I fetch a taxi?" "Ter gar is in St.'
Actual:   '``haveyouyourcaroutside,orshallifetchataxi?'' ``tergarisinst.'
Type: Other error

Error #818:
Input:    'james's square.'
Expected: 'James's Square.'
Actual:   'James'ssquare.'
Type: Other error

Error #819:
Input:    'you will blease summon it." storm, endeavouring to appear interested in inspector teal's lengthy monologue on the psychology of the criminal, had been suddenly seized with what struck him as being an exceptionally brilliant idea.'
Expected: 'You will blease summon it." Storm, endeavouring to appear interested in Inspector Teal's lengthy monologue on the psychology of the criminal, had been suddenly seized with what struck him as being an exceptionally brilliant idea.'
Actual:   'Youwillbleasesummonit.'' Storm,endeavouringtoappearinterestedininspectorteal'slengthymonologueonthepsychologyofthecriminal,hadbeensuddenlyseizedwithwhatstruckhimasbeinganexceptionallybrilliantidea.'
Type: Other error

Error #820:
Input:    'he took up the telephone and gave a number in the city.'
Expected: 'He took up the telephone and gave a number in the City.'
Actual:   'Hetookupthetelephoneandgaveanumberinthecity.'
Type: Other error

Error #821:
Input:    '"i want to speak to mr.'
Expected: '"I want to speak to Mr.'
Actual:   '``iwanttospeaktoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #822:
Input:    'blaythwayt, please....'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt, please....'
Actual:   'Blaythwayt,please....'
Type: Other error

Error #823:
Input:    'captain arden of the criminal investigation department." he was unpleasantly conscious of mr.'
Expected: 'Captain Arden of the Criminal Investigation Department." He was unpleasantly conscious of Mr.'
Actual:   'Captainardenofthecriminalinvestigationdepartment.'' HewasunpleasantlyconsciousofMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #824:
Input:    'teal's curious gaze, and fervently wished that he had delayed putting his idea into practice until that portly sleuth had taken his leave.'
Expected: 'Teal's curious gaze, and fervently wished that he had delayed putting his idea into practice until that portly sleuth had taken his leave.'
Actual:   'Teal'scuriousgaze,andferventlywishedthathehaddelayedputtinghisideaintopracticeuntilthatportlysleuthhadtakenhisleave.'
Type: Other error

Error #825:
Input:    'can you see me almost immediately, mr.'
Expected: 'Can you see me almost immediately, Mr.'
Actual:   'Canyouseemealmostimmediately,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #826:
Input:    'this triangle affair--it's an awful nuisance, i know; but it can't be helped....'
Expected: 'This Triangle affair--it's an awful nuisance, I know; but it can't be helped....'
Actual:   'Thistriangleaffair -- it'sanawfulnuisance,iknow;butitcan'tbehelped....'
Type: Other error

Error #827:
Input:    'you're just going out to lunch?...'
Expected: 'You're just going out to lunch?...'
Actual:   'You'rejustgoingouttolunch?...'
Type: Other error

Error #828:
Input:    'no, i'm afraid i can't--i've got a lot of other things to attend to this afternoon.'
Expected: 'No, I'm afraid I can't--I've got a lot of other things to attend to this afternoon.'
Actual:   'No,i'mafraidican't -- i'vegotalotofotherthingstoattendtothisafternoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #829:
Input:    'look here, if i shan't intrude, will you lunch with me?...'
Expected: 'Look here, if I shan't intrude, will you lunch with me?...'
Actual:   'Lookhere,ifishan'tintrude,willyoulunchwithme?...'
Type: Other error

Error #830:
Input:    'susan hawthorne?'
Expected: 'Susan Hawthorne?'
Actual:   'Susanhawthorne?'
Type: Other error

Error #831:
Input:    'je-ru-salem, that's funny!...'
Expected: 'Je-ru-salem, that's funny!...'
Actual:   'Je-ru-salem,that'sfunny!...'
Type: Other error

Error #832:
Input:    'yes--known her for years!'
Expected: 'Yes--known her for years!'
Actual:   'Yes -- knownherforyears!'
Type: Other error

Error #833:
Input:    'i remember now; you're her uncle, aren't you?...'
Expected: 'I remember now; you're her uncle, aren't you?...'
Actual:   'Iremembernow;you'reheruncle,aren'tyou?...'
Type: Other error

Error #834:
Input:    'no, i'm sure she won't mind.'
Expected: 'No, I'm sure she won't mind.'
Actual:   'No,i'msureshewon'tmind.'
Type: Other error

Error #835:
Input:    'i'd tell you over the 'phone, but i hate invisible backchatters!...'
Expected: 'I'd tell you over the 'phone, but I hate invisible backchatters!...'
Actual:   'I'dtellyouoverthe'phone,butihateinvisiblebackchatters!...'
Type: Other error

Error #836:
Input:    'i'll pick you up at the _record_ office in under ten minutes.'
Expected: 'I'll pick you up at the _Record_ office in under ten minutes.'
Actual:   'I'llpickyouupatthe_record_officeinundertenminutes.'
Type: Other error

Error #837:
Input:    'so long!" "she's a nice kid, that miss hawthorne," observed the somniloquent mr.'
Expected: 'So long!" "She's a nice kid, that Miss Hawthorne," observed the somniloquent Mr.'
Actual:   'Solong!'' ``she'sanicekid,thatmisshawthorne,''observedthesomniloquentMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #838:
Input:    'teal, as storm put down the instrument.'
Expected: 'Teal, as Storm put down the instrument.'
Actual:   'Teal,asstormputdowntheinstrument.'
Type: Other error

Error #839:
Input:    'storm was not inclined to be conversational on the subject.'
Expected: 'Storm was not inclined to be conversational on the subject.'
Actual:   'Stormwasnotinclinedtobeconversationalonthesubject.'
Type: Other error

Error #840:
Input:    'you know, sir, i always say a young man ought to get married.'
Expected: 'You know, sir, I always say a young man ought to get married.'
Actual:   'Youknow,sir,ialwayssayayoungmanoughttogetmarried.'
Type: Other error

Error #841:
Input:    'it kind of puts a kick into his work.'
Expected: 'It kind of puts a kick into his work.'
Actual:   'Itkindofputsakickintohiswork.'
Type: Other error

Error #842:
Input:    'and if there's kids, it gives him something to work for.'
Expected: 'And if there's kids, it gives him something to work for.'
Actual:   'Andifthere'skids,itgiveshimsomethingtoworkfor.'
Type: Other error

Error #843:
Input:    'now, i was married when i was a youngster of twenty-two, walking my beat like any cub copper.'
Expected: 'Now, I was married when I was a youngster of twenty-two, walking my beat like any cub copper.'
Actual:   'Now,iwasmarriedwheniwasayoungsteroftwenty-two,walkingmybeatlikeanycubcopper.'
Type: Other error

Error #844:
Input:    'well, believe me, sir, it made a new man of me, and when we had our first--that was four months after----" "teal," said storm awfully, "you're shocking me.'
Expected: 'Well, believe me, sir, it made a new man of me, and when we had our First--that was four months after----" "Teal," said Storm awfully, "you're shocking me.'
Actual:   'Well,believeme,sir,itmadeanewmanofme,andwhenwehadourfirst -- thatwasfourmonthsafter --  -- ''``teal,''saidstormawfully,``you'reshockingme.'
Type: Other error

Error #845:
Input:    'go away and blow froth." he collected blaythwayt at the bank, and they parked the car in salisbury square and proceeded on foot to the fleet street restaurant where joe had arranged to meet his niece.'
Expected: 'Go away and blow froth." He collected Blaythwayt at the bank, and they parked the car in Salisbury Square and proceeded on foot to the Fleet Street restaurant where Joe had arranged to meet his niece.'
Actual:   'Goawayandblowfroth.'' Hecollectedblaythwaytatthebank,andtheyparkedthecarinsalisburysquareandproceededonfoottothefleetstreetrestaurantwherejoehadarrangedtomeethisniece.'
Type: Other error

Error #846:
Input:    'she was surprised to see storm, and, in his state of exaggerated self-consciousness, he thought she was a trifle displeased.'
Expected: 'She was surprised to see Storm, and, in his state of exaggerated self-consciousness, he thought she was a trifle displeased.'
Actual:   'Shewassurprisedtoseestorm,and,inhisstateofexaggeratedself-consciousness,hethoughtshewasatrifledispleased.'
Type: Other error

Error #847:
Input:    'thinking things over, he realised the painful transparency of his ruse.'
Expected: 'Thinking things over, he realised the painful transparency of his ruse.'
Actual:   'Thinkingthingsover,herealisedthepainfultransparencyofhisruse.'
Type: Other error

Error #848:
Input:    '"i'm sorry to butt in on you like this," he said.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry to butt in on you like this," he said.'
Actual:   '``i'msorrytobuttinonyoulikethis,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #849:
Input:    '"fact is, it's important for me to see your uncle, and i shan't have ten consecutive free seconds this afternoon." joe blaythwayt tucked his napkin into his waistcoat and beamed at them both impartially.'
Expected: '"Fact is, it's important for me to see your uncle, and I shan't have ten consecutive free seconds this afternoon." Joe Blaythwayt tucked his napkin into his waistcoat and beamed at them both impartially.'
Actual:   '``factis,it'simportantformetoseeyouruncle,andishan'thavetenconsecutivefreesecondsthisafternoon.'' Joeblaythwayttuckedhisnapkinintohiswaistcoatandbeamedatthembothimpartially.'
Type: Other error

Error #850:
Input:    '"anything i can do for you, captain arden----" this placed storm in a quandary, for he hadn't the foggiest notion of an excuse for his presence.'
Expected: '"Anything I can do for you, Captain Arden----" This placed Storm in a quandary, for he hadn't the foggiest notion of an excuse for his presence.'
Actual:   '``anythingicandoforyou,captainarden --  -- ''thisplacedstorminaquandary,forhehadn'tthefoggiestnotionofanexcuseforhispresence.'
Type: Other error

Error #851:
Input:    'the timely arrival of an overworked waiter gave him a few minutes' respite, during which time his brain seethed frantically, and at the end of it he was prepared to be fluently plausible.'
Expected: 'The timely arrival of an overworked waiter gave him a few minutes' respite, during which time his brain seethed frantically, and at the end of it he was prepared to be fluently plausible.'
Actual:   'Thetimelyarrivalofanoverworkedwaitergavehimafewminutes'respite,duringwhichtimehisbrainseethedfrantically,andattheendofithewaspreparedtobefluentlyplausible.'
Type: Other error

Error #852:
Input:    '"teal is always talking about you, mr.'
Expected: '"Teal is always talking about you, Mr.'
Actual:   '``tealisalwaystalkingaboutyou,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #853:
Input:    'he says you're a great criminologist." "well, i've read a bit about it," admitted joe modestly.'
Expected: 'He says you're a great criminologist." "Well, I've read a bit about it," admitted Joe modestly.'
Actual:   'Hesaysyou'reagreatcriminologist.'' ``well,i'vereadabitaboutit,''admittedjoemodestly.'
Type: Other error

Error #854:
Input:    '"it's difficult, of course, to do much as an amateur.'
Expected: '"It's difficult, of course, to do much as an amateur.'
Actual:   '``it'sdifficult,ofcourse,todomuchasanamateur.'
Type: Other error

Error #855:
Input:    'now, this triangle, captain arden, is the very first time i've ever been mixed up in anything of the sort personally.'
Expected: 'Now, this Triangle, Captain Arden, is the very first time I've ever been mixed up in anything of the sort personally.'
Actual:   'Now,thistriangle,captainarden,istheveryfirsttimei'veeverbeenmixedupinanythingofthesortpersonally.'
Type: Other error

Error #856:
Input:    'i shall put it in my book--i'm writing a book, you know.'
Expected: 'I shall put it in my book--I'm writing a book, you know.'
Actual:   'Ishallputitinmybook -- i'mwritingabook,youknow.'
Type: Other error

Error #857:
Input:    'did teal tell you that?" storm nodded.'
Expected: 'Did Teal tell you that?" Storm nodded.'
Actual:   'Didtealtellyouthat?'' Stormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #858:
Input:    'he glanced at susan and then exerted himself not to meet her eye, for her initial annoyance had given place to quiet amusement.'
Expected: 'He glanced at Susan and then exerted himself not to meet her eye, for her initial annoyance had given place to quiet amusement.'
Actual:   'Heglancedatsusanandthenexertedhimselfnottomeethereye,forherinitialannoyancehadgivenplacetoquietamusement.'
Type: Other error

Error #859:
Input:    'he felt her eyes upon him, and went hot and cold.'
Expected: 'He felt her eyes upon him, and went hot and cold.'
Actual:   'Hefelthereyesuponhim,andwenthotandcold.'
Type: Other error

Error #860:
Input:    '"and you absolutely can't remember a thing about harchester that you could associate with the triangle?" he asked.'
Expected: '"And you absolutely can't remember a thing about Harchester that you could associate with the Triangle?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``andyouabsolutelycan'trememberathingaboutharchesterthatyoucouldassociatewiththetriangle?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #861:
Input:    '"not a thing," said blaythwayt with a vigorous shake of his head.'
Expected: '"Not a thing," said Blaythwayt with a vigorous shake of his head.'
Actual:   '``notathing,''saidblaythwaytwithavigorousshakeofhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #862:
Input:    '"of course, some people must have been jealous--i was jolly good at rugger in my time, and harchester thinks more of brawn than of brains, so i became captain of the school rather out of my turn.'
Expected: '"Of course, some people must have been jealous--I was jolly good at Rugger in my time, and Harchester thinks more of brawn than of brains, so I became captain of the school rather out of my turn.'
Actual:   '``ofcourse,somepeoplemusthavebeenjealous -- iwasjollygoodatruggerinmytime,andharchesterthinksmoreofbrawnthanofbrains,soibecamecaptainoftheschoolratheroutofmyturn.'
Type: Other error

Error #863:
Input:    'but that's all so long ago i can't remember details.'
Expected: 'But that's all so long ago I can't remember details.'
Actual:   'Butthat'sallsolongagoican'trememberdetails.'
Type: Other error

Error #864:
Input:    'certainly nobody disliked me to my face, whatever they may have thought." "who was the bird you cut out?" blaythwayt wrinkled his brow.'
Expected: 'Certainly nobody disliked me to my face, whatever they may have thought." "Who was the bird you cut out?" Blaythwayt wrinkled his brow.'
Actual:   'Certainlynobodydislikedmetomyface,whatevertheymayhavethought.'' ``whowasthebirdyoucutout?'' Blaythwaytwrinkledhisbrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #865:
Input:    '"i can remember him a bit.'
Expected: '"I can remember him a bit.'
Actual:   '``icanrememberhimabit.'
Type: Other error

Error #866:
Input:    'a big fellow, no good at games--he was so gawky everyone used to rag him about it.'
Expected: 'A big fellow, no good at games--he was so gawky everyone used to rag him about it.'
Actual:   'Abigfellow,nogoodatgames -- hewassogawkyeveryoneusedtoraghimaboutit.'
Type: Other error

Error #867:
Input:    'bulsaid--that's it!'
Expected: 'Bulsaid--that's it!'
Actual:   'Bulsaid -- that'sit!'
Type: Other error

Error #868:
Input:    'he was brilliantly clever, i remember that.'
Expected: 'He was brilliantly clever, I remember that.'
Actual:   'Hewasbrilliantlyclever,irememberthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #869:
Input:    'i often wonder what happened to him.'
Expected: 'I often wonder what happened to him.'
Actual:   'Ioftenwonderwhathappenedtohim.'
Type: Other error

Error #870:
Input:    'he ought to have become a great scientist.'
Expected: 'He ought to have become a great scientist.'
Actual:   'Heoughttohavebecomeagreatscientist.'
Type: Other error

Error #871:
Input:    'but, bless you, bulsaid never kicked.'
Expected: 'But, bless you, Bulsaid never kicked.'
Actual:   'But,blessyou,bulsaidneverkicked.'
Type: Other error

Error #872:
Input:    'he was too quiet.'
Expected: 'He was too quiet.'
Actual:   'Hewastooquiet.'
Type: Other error

Error #873:
Input:    'one of the most easy-going fellows i've ever met." susan turned to storm with a smile.'
Expected: 'One of the most easy-going fellows I've ever met." Susan turned to Storm with a smile.'
Actual:   'Oneofthemosteasy-goingfellowsi'veevermet.'' Susanturnedtostormwithasmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #874:
Input:    '"is uncle's school life so terrifically important?" she asked sweetly.'
Expected: '"Is Uncle's school life so terrifically important?" she asked sweetly.'
Actual:   '``isuncle'sschoollifesoterrificallyimportant?'' Sheaskedsweetly.'
Type: Other error

Error #875:
Input:    '"fearfully," storm assured her gravely.'
Expected: '"Fearfully," Storm assured her gravely.'
Actual:   '``fearfully,''stormassuredhergravely.'
Type: Other error

Error #876:
Input:    'she shook her head, and all mischief was in her eyes.'
Expected: 'She shook her head, and all mischief was in her eyes.'
Actual:   'Sheshookherhead,andallmischiefwasinhereyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #877:
Input:    '"you're forgiven," she said, and the simple joe blinked uncomprehendingly at the laughter that followed.'
Expected: '"You're forgiven," she said, and the simple Joe blinked uncomprehendingly at the laughter that followed.'
Actual:   '``you'reforgiven,''shesaid,andthesimplejoeblinkeduncomprehendinglyatthelaughterthatfollowed.'
Type: Other error

Error #878:
Input:    'the rest of the meal was delightful, and storm listened soberly to the account of blaythwayt's literary aspirations, interspersing the recital at intervals with the most innocent expressions of admiration.'
Expected: 'The rest of the meal was delightful, and Storm listened soberly to the account of Blaythwayt's literary aspirations, interspersing the recital at intervals with the most innocent expressions of admiration.'
Actual:   'Therestofthemealwasdelightful,andstormlistenedsoberlytotheaccountofblaythwayt'sliteraryaspirations,interspersingtherecitalatintervalswiththemostinnocentexpressionsofadmiration.'
Type: Other error

Error #879:
Input:    '"about this triangle, though--seriously!" he said later.'
Expected: '"About this Triangle, though--seriously!" he said later.'
Actual:   '``aboutthistriangle,though -- seriously!'' Hesaidlater.'
Type: Other error

Error #880:
Input:    '"there's going to be trouble, and it's going to be tough!'
Expected: '"There's going to be trouble, and it's going to be tough!'
Actual:   '``there'sgoingtobetrouble,andit'sgoingtobetough!'
Type: Other error

Error #881:
Input:    'you've heard what they've done already--tried to poison me, shot me up, and sent the gentle gat gunning for susan.'
Expected: 'You've heard what they've done already--tried to poison me, shot me up, and sent the gentle Gat gunning for Susan.'
Actual:   'You'veheardwhatthey'vedonealready -- triedtopoisonme,shotmeup,andsentthegentlegatgunningforsusan.'
Type: Other error

Error #882:
Input:    'and that's before they've committed a single crime against the men they've threatened.'
Expected: 'And that's before they've committed a single crime against the men they've threatened.'
Actual:   'Andthat'sbeforethey'vecommittedasinglecrimeagainstthementhey'vethreatened.'
Type: Other error

Error #883:
Input:    'i say 'threatened,' although no threats have been put on paper in so many words.'
Expected: 'I say 'threatened,' although no threats have been put on paper in so many words.'
Actual:   'Isay'threatened,'althoughnothreatshavebeenputonpaperinsomanywords.'
Type: Other error

Error #884:
Input:    'but i guess if i got one of those little valentines i'd look under my bed before i got into it, whether they said, 'this is where you get yours,' or not!'
Expected: 'But I guess if I got one of those little valentines I'd look under my bed before I got into it, whether they said, 'This is where you get yours,' or not!'
Actual:   'Butiguessifigotoneofthoselittlevalentinesi'dlookundermybedbeforeigotintoit,whethertheysaid,'thisiswhereyougetyours,'ornot!'
Type: Other error

Error #885:
Input:    'what do you make of it?" "crime on a big scale," said blaythwayt impressively.'
Expected: 'What do you make of it?" "Crime on a big scale," said Blaythwayt impressively.'
Actual:   'Whatdoyoumakeofit?'' ``crimeonabigscale,''saidblaythwaytimpressively.'
Type: Other error

Error #886:
Input:    '"it's a solid possibility, as a commercial investment, to a man with capital and genius." joe's simplicity was his great charm.'
Expected: '"It's a solid possibility, as a commercial investment, to a man with capital and genius." Joe's simplicity was his great charm.'
Actual:   '``it'sasolidpossibility,asacommercialinvestment,toamanwithcapitalandgenius.'' Joe'ssimplicitywashisgreatcharm.'
Type: Other error

Error #887:
Input:    '"as i see it, captain arden, criminals would never be caught if they didn't leave clues.'
Expected: '"As I see it, Captain Arden, criminals would never be caught if they didn't leave Clues.'
Actual:   '``asiseeit,captainarden,criminalswouldneverbecaughtiftheydidn'tleaveclues.'
Type: Other error

Error #888:
Input:    'consequently, in order to be a successful criminal, all you have to do is to master the art of not leaving clues.'
Expected: 'Consequently, in order to be a successful criminal, all you have to do is to master the art of not leaving Clues.'
Actual:   'Consequently,inordertobeasuccessfulcriminal,allyouhavetodoistomastertheartofnotleavingclues.'
Type: Other error

Error #889:
Input:    'and, as a detective, you will only run the triangle to earth by looking for and following up clues.'
Expected: 'And, as a detective, you will only run the Triangle to earth by looking for and following up Clues.'
Actual:   'And,asadetective,youwillonlyrunthetriangletoearthbylookingforandfollowingupclues.'
Type: Other error

Error #890:
Input:    'the ordinary police methods of searching for clues are inadequate.'
Expected: 'The ordinary police methods of searching for Clues are inadequate.'
Actual:   'Theordinarypolicemethodsofsearchingforcluesareinadequate.'
Type: Other error

Error #891:
Input:    'there are too many hindrances--you should be able to enter houses without search warrants, take people into custody and interrogate them on the slightest provocation, and adopt any means you choose in order to accumulate evidence.'
Expected: 'There are too many hindrances--you should be able to enter houses without search warrants, take people into custody and interrogate them on the slightest provocation, and adopt any means you choose in order to accumulate evidence.'
Actual:   'Therearetoomanyhindrances -- youshouldbeabletoenterhouseswithoutsearchwarrants,takepeopleintocustodyandinterrogatethemontheslightestprovocation,andadoptanymeansyouchooseinordertoaccumulateevidence.'
Type: Other error

Error #892:
Input:    'the detective should be above the law." storm shook his head.'
Expected: 'The Detective should be above the Law." Storm shook his head.'
Actual:   'Thedetectiveshouldbeabovethelaw.'' Stormshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #893:
Input:    '"i'm not a pukka detective," he said, "and teal owes me ten bob." "are you being funny," demanded susan, "or is there likely to be more trouble?" he looked at her steadily, eyes half closed, his cigarette between his lips.'
Expected: '"I'm not a pukka detective," he said, "and Teal owes me ten bob." "Are you being funny," demanded Susan, "or is there likely to be more trouble?" He looked at her steadily, eyes half closed, his cigarette between his lips.'
Actual:   '``i'mnotapukkadetective,''hesaid,``andtealowesmetenbob.'' ``areyoubeingfunny,''demandedsusan,``oristherelikelytobemoretrouble?'' Helookedathersteadily,eyeshalfclosed,hiscigarettebetweenhislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #894:
Input:    '"you're scared!" he said.'
Expected: '"You're scared!" he said.'
Actual:   '``you'rescared!'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #895:
Input:    '"well, i'm not absolutely praying to be killed." there was a short silence, for he had no wish to alarm her unduly.'
Expected: '"Well, I'm not absolutely praying to be killed." There was a short silence, for he had no wish to alarm her unduly.'
Actual:   '``well,i'mnotabsolutelyprayingtobekilled.'' Therewasashortsilence,forhehadnowishtoalarmherunduly.'
Type: Other error

Error #896:
Input:    'and yet, to minimise the danger would not be the thought of anyone but a born fool.'
Expected: 'And yet, to minimise the danger would not be the thought of anyone but a born fool.'
Actual:   'Andyet,tominimisethedangerwouldnotbethethoughtofanyonebutabornfool.'
Type: Other error

Error #897:
Input:    'he turned his eyes on blaythwayt.'
Expected: 'He turned his eyes on Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   'Heturnedhiseyesonblaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #898:
Input:    '"are _you_ scared?" "i can't say i've thought about it seriously," confessed joe.'
Expected: '"Are _you_ scared?" "I can't say I've thought about it seriously," confessed Joe.'
Actual:   '``are_you_scared?'' ``ican'tsayi'vethoughtaboutitseriously,''confessedjoe.'
Type: Other error

Error #899:
Input:    '"i really don't see that i have much to fear--far less, anyway, than i have to fear from bank robbers and kiters--that's an american word for bank swindlers," he explained unnecessarily.'
Expected: '"I really don't see that I have much to fear--far less, anyway, than I have to fear from bank robbers and kiters--that's an American word for bank swindlers," he explained unnecessarily.'
Actual:   '``ireallydon'tseethatihavemuchtofear -- farless,anyway,thanihavetofearfrombankrobbersandkiters -- that'sanamericanwordforbankswindlers,''heexplainedunnecessarily.'
Type: Other error

Error #900:
Input:    '"inspector teal, my very good friend, always says that violent crime is foreign to this country.'
Expected: '"Inspector Teal, my very good friend, always says that violent crime is foreign to this country.'
Actual:   '``inspectorteal,myverygoodfriend,alwayssaysthatviolentcrimeisforeigntothiscountry.'
Type: Other error

Error #901:
Input:    'a few attempts by dagoes and suchlike, perhaps, but they can easily be rounded up.'
Expected: 'A few attempts by dagoes and suchlike, perhaps, but they can easily be rounded up.'
Actual:   'Afewattemptsbydagoesandsuchlike,perhaps,buttheycaneasilyberoundedup.'
Type: Other error

Error #902:
Input:    'it's just a coincidence that a threat should have come to me.'
Expected: 'It's just a coincidence that a threat should have come to me.'
Actual:   'It'sjustacoincidencethatathreatshouldhavecometome.'
Type: Other error

Error #903:
Input:    'one can understand them being sent to the others.'
Expected: 'One can understand them being sent to the others.'
Actual:   'Onecanunderstandthembeingsenttotheothers.'
Type: Other error

Error #904:
Input:    'public men are bound to receive threatening letters, but they very rarely come to anything." storm would have liked to point out the minor coincidences of alcohol diluted with aconite, and firework displays in albany court yard and hamilton place, but refrained.'
Expected: 'Public men are bound to receive threatening letters, but they very rarely come to anything." Storm would have liked to point out the minor coincidences of alcohol diluted with aconite, and firework displays in Albany Court Yard and Hamilton Place, but refrained.'
Actual:   'Publicmenareboundtoreceivethreateningletters,buttheyveryrarelycometoanything.'' Stormwouldhavelikedtopointouttheminorcoincidencesofalcoholdilutedwithaconite,andfireworkdisplaysinalbanycourtyardandhamiltonplace,butrefrained.'
Type: Other error

Error #905:
Input:    '"what's your honest opinion, kit?" susan persisted.'
Expected: '"What's your honest opinion, Kit?" Susan persisted.'
Actual:   '``what'syourhonestopinion,kit?'' Susanpersisted.'
Type: Other error

Error #906:
Input:    '"oh, well, mecklen's in hospital, and we've got morini's description.'
Expected: '"Oh, well, Mecklen's in hospital, and we've got Morini's description.'
Actual:   '``oh,well,mecklen'sinhospital,andwe'vegotmorini'sdescription.'
Type: Other error

Error #907:
Input:    'there may be a bit of fun before he's found," he conceded easily, "but i don't think you need be afraid.'
Expected: 'There may be a bit of fun before he's found," he conceded easily, "but I don't think you need be afraid.'
Actual:   'Theremaybeabitoffunbeforehe'sfound,''heconcededeasily,``butidon'tthinkyouneedbeafraid.'
Type: Other error

Error #908:
Input:    'i'd like you to stay with some friends of mine, though, while hannassay's away.'
Expected: 'I'd like you to stay with some friends of mine, though, while Hannassay's away.'
Actual:   'I'dlikeyoutostaywithsomefriendsofmine,though,whilehannassay'saway.'
Type: Other error

Error #909:
Input:    'you don't want to be alone in that huge house--besides, it's so dull.'
Expected: 'You don't want to be alone in that huge house--besides, it's so dull.'
Actual:   'Youdon'twanttobealoneinthathugehouse -- besides,it'ssodull.'
Type: Other error

Error #910:
Input:    'you'll like 'em--terry mannering's a great lad.'
Expected: 'You'll like 'em--Terry Mannering's a great lad.'
Actual:   'You'lllike'em -- terrymannering'sagreatlad.'
Type: Other error

Error #911:
Input:    'but don't go liking him too much, because he's already married!" "you needn't be afraid of that," she told him coldly, and did not realise for five minutes why he smiled.'
Expected: 'But don't go liking him too much, because he's already married!" "You needn't be afraid of that," she told him coldly, and did not realise for five minutes why he smiled.'
Actual:   'Butdon'tgolikinghimtoomuch,becausehe'salreadymarried!'' ``youneedn'tbeafraidofthat,''shetoldhimcoldly,anddidnotrealiseforfiveminuteswhyhesmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #912:
Input:    'blaythwayt pulled out his watch.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt pulled out his watch.'
Actual:   'Blaythwaytpulledouthiswatch.'
Type: Other error

Error #913:
Input:    '"i'm afraid i really must be off, captain arden.'
Expected: '"I'm afraid I really must be off, Captain Arden.'
Actual:   '``i'mafraidireallymustbeoff,captainarden.'
Type: Other error

Error #914:
Input:    'it's nearly a quarter to three--please don't think i'm rude, my dear fellow, but business..." when joe blaythwayt spoke of weighty matters he always gave the impression that he talked in capital letters.'
Expected: 'It's nearly a quarter to three--please don't think I'm rude, my dear fellow, but Business..." When Joe Blaythwayt spoke of weighty matters he always gave the impression that he talked in capital letters.'
Actual:   'It'snearlyaquartertothree -- pleasedon'tthinki'mrude,mydearfellow,butbusiness...''whenjoeblaythwaytspokeofweightymattershealwaysgavetheimpressionthathetalkedincapitalletters.'
Type: Other error

Error #915:
Input:    'in salisbury square he inspected every inch of the silver hirondel with an almost childish awe.'
Expected: 'In Salisbury Square he inspected every inch of the silver Hirondel with an almost childish awe.'
Actual:   'Insalisburysquareheinspectedeveryinchofthesilverhirondelwithanalmostchildishawe.'
Type: Other error

Error #916:
Input:    '"i wish i could afford a car like this," he said wistfully.'
Expected: '"I wish I could afford a car like this," he said wistfully.'
Actual:   '``iwishicouldaffordacarlikethis,''hesaidwistfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #917:
Input:    '"can she go?" "go?" scoffed storm.'
Expected: '"Can she Go?" "Go?" scoffed Storm.'
Actual:   '``canshego?'' ``go?'' Scoffedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #918:
Input:    '"she's the fastest thing on wheels that you can use on the road!'
Expected: '"She's the fastest thing on wheels that you can use on the road!'
Actual:   '``she'sthefastestthingonwheelsthatyoucanuseontheroad!'
Type: Other error

Error #919:
Input:    'i've tried her up to a hundred and fifteen at brooklands." he had an inspiration.'
Expected: 'I've tried her up to a hundred and fifteen at Brooklands." He had an inspiration.'
Actual:   'I'vetriedheruptoahundredandfifteenatbrooklands.'' Hehadaninspiration.'
Type: Other error

Error #920:
Input:    '"get in and let's have a run--i'll be taking susan home, anyway." "can we really?" said joe, and storm had shepherded him into the back seat before he had quite decided whether to accept the invitation.'
Expected: '"Get in and let's have a run--I'll be taking Susan home, anyway." "Can we really?" said Joe, and Storm had shepherded him into the back seat before he had quite decided whether to accept the invitation.'
Actual:   '``getinandlet'shavearun -- i'llbetakingsusanhome,anyway.'' ``canwereally?'' Saidjoe,andstormhadshepherdedhimintothebackseatbeforehehadquitedecidedwhethertoaccepttheinvitation.'
Type: Other error

Error #921:
Input:    'he had, apparently, forgotten the calls of business.'
Expected: 'He had, apparently, forgotten the calls of Business.'
Actual:   'Hehad,apparently,forgottenthecallsofbusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #922:
Input:    'they whirled round trafalgar square, and storm hesitated momentarily between cockspur street and the mall.'
Expected: 'They whirled round Trafalgar Square, and Storm hesitated momentarily between Cockspur Street and the Mall.'
Actual:   'Theywhirledroundtrafalgarsquare,andstormhesitatedmomentarilybetweencockspurstreetandthemall.'
Type: Other error

Error #923:
Input:    'he decided on cockspur street, and to this day the thought of the far-reaching effects of that casual decision makes him gasp.'
Expected: 'He decided on Cockspur Street, and to this day the thought of the far-reaching effects of that casual decision makes him gasp.'
Actual:   'Hedecidedoncockspurstreet,andtothisdaythethoughtofthefar-reachingeffectsofthatcasualdecisionmakeshimgasp.'
Type: Other error

Error #924:
Input:    'oscar raegenssen, waiting for the arrival of his luxurious navarre cabriolet, saw a man whom he particularly wished to avoid sauntering down from pall mall.'
Expected: 'Oscar Raegenssen, waiting for the arrival of his luxurious Navarre cabriolet, saw a man whom he particularly wished to avoid sauntering down from Pall Mall.'
Actual:   'Oscarraegenssen,waitingforthearrivalofhisluxuriousnavarrecabriolet,sawamanwhomheparticularlywishedtoavoidsaunteringdownfrompallmall.'
Type: Other error

Error #925:
Input:    'he looked up and down the street, but there was no sign of his car.'
Expected: 'He looked up and down the street, but there was no sign of his car.'
Actual:   'Helookedupanddownthestreet,buttherewasnosignofhiscar.'
Type: Other error

Error #926:
Input:    'with a slight gesture of annoyance he started to cross the road.'
Expected: 'With a slight gesture of annoyance he started to cross the road.'
Actual:   'Withaslightgestureofannoyancehestartedtocrosstheroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #927:
Input:    'he stepped directly in front of the bonnet of storm's car.'
Expected: 'He stepped directly in front of the bonnet of Storm's car.'
Actual:   'Hesteppeddirectlyinfrontofthebonnetofstorm'scar.'
Type: Other error

Error #928:
Input:    'the fine drizzle that was falling lay on the road like thin oil, and storm knew at once that it would be impossible to pull up in time on the treacherous surface, for he was doing over thirty miles an hour.'
Expected: 'The fine drizzle that was falling lay on the road like thin oil, and Storm knew at once that it would be impossible to pull up in time on the treacherous surface, for he was doing over thirty miles an hour.'
Actual:   'Thefinedrizzlethatwasfallinglayontheroadlikethinoil,andstormknewatoncethatitwouldbeimpossibletopullupintimeonthetreacheroussurface,forhewasdoingoverthirtymilesanhour.'
Type: Other error

Error #929:
Input:    'he wrenched the wheel over to the right as he braked, and one wing just caught raegenssen as the hirondel skidded round.'
Expected: 'He wrenched the wheel over to the right as he braked, and one wing just caught Raegenssen as the Hirondel skidded round.'
Actual:   'Hewrenchedthewheelovertotherightashebraked,andonewingjustcaughtraegenssenasthehirondelskiddedround.'
Type: Other error

Error #930:
Input:    'luckily the street was almost deserted, and the silver car turned completely round in a space of feet and fetched up against the kerb, facing back towards trafalgar square.'
Expected: 'Luckily the street was almost deserted, and the silver car turned completely round in a space of feet and fetched up against the kerb, facing back towards Trafalgar Square.'
Actual:   'Luckilythestreetwasalmostdeserted,andthesilvercarturnedcompletelyroundinaspaceoffeetandfetchedupagainstthekerb,facingbacktowardstrafalgarsquare.'
Type: Other error

Error #931:
Input:    'it was a magnificent piece of driving, but the most masterly driver in the world could not have saved raegenssen from that blow.'
Expected: 'It was a magnificent piece of driving, but the most masterly driver in the world could not have saved Raegenssen from that blow.'
Actual:   'Itwasamagnificentpieceofdriving,butthemostmasterlydriverintheworldcouldnothavesavedraegenssenfromthatblow.'
Type: Other error

Error #932:
Input:    'storm jumped from his seat and ran towards the stunned man, an excited joe hard on his heels.'
Expected: 'Storm jumped from his seat and ran towards the stunned man, an excited Joe hard on his heels.'
Actual:   'Stormjumpedfromhisseatandrantowardsthestunnedman,anexcitedjoehardonhisheels.'
Type: Other error

Error #933:
Input:    'he picked the swede up in his arms and carried him to the pavement.'
Expected: 'He picked the Swede up in his arms and carried him to the pavement.'
Actual:   'Hepickedtheswedeupinhisarmsandcarriedhimtothepavement.'
Type: Other error

Error #934:
Input:    'he was loosening the clothes about raegenssen's throat, with blaythwayt trying ineffectually to assist, when a tall, oldish man elbowed his way through the crowd and knelt down beside him.'
Expected: 'He was loosening the clothes about Raegenssen's throat, with Blaythwayt trying ineffectually to assist, when a tall, oldish man elbowed his way through the crowd and knelt down beside him.'
Actual:   'Hewaslooseningtheclothesaboutraegenssen'sthroat,withblaythwayttryingineffectuallytoassist,whenatall,oldishmanelbowedhiswaythroughthecrowdandkneltdownbesidehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #935:
Input:    '"your boss, mattock," remarked storm briefly.'
Expected: '"Your boss, Mattock," remarked Storm briefly.'
Actual:   '``yourboss,mattock,''remarkedstormbriefly.'
Type: Other error

Error #936:
Input:    'raegenssen was not badly hurt.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen was not badly hurt.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenwasnotbadlyhurt.'
Type: Other error

Error #937:
Input:    'he was even then recovering consciousness.'
Expected: 'He was even then recovering consciousness.'
Actual:   'Hewaseventhenrecoveringconsciousness.'
Type: Other error

Error #938:
Input:    'his eyelids flickered dazedly, and his lips framed an almost inaudible word.'
Expected: 'His eyelids flickered dazedly, and his lips framed an almost inaudible word.'
Actual:   'Hiseyelidsflickereddazedly,andhislipsframedanalmostinaudibleword.'
Type: Other error

Error #939:
Input:    '"_sylvia...'
Expected: '"_Sylvia...'
Actual:   '``_sylvia...'
Type: Other error

Error #940:
Input:    'sylvia..._" "he's coming round," said storm to the constable who had joined the group.'
Expected: 'Sylvia..._" "He's coming round," said Storm to the constable who had joined the group.'
Actual:   'Sylvia..._''``he'scominground,''saidstormtotheconstablewhohadjoinedthegroup.'
Type: Other error

Error #941:
Input:    '"he stepped out right in front of me without looking where he was going, but i only grazed him." "this gentleman is captain arden of the special branch," announced blaythwayt pompously.'
Expected: '"He stepped out right in front of me without looking where he was going, but I only grazed him." "This gentleman is Captain Arden of the Special Branch," announced Blaythwayt pompously.'
Actual:   '``hesteppedoutrightinfrontofmewithoutlookingwherehewasgoing,butionlygrazedhim.'' ``thisgentlemaniscaptainardenofthespecialbranch,''announcedblaythwaytpompously.'
Type: Other error

Error #942:
Input:    'storm was searching in his pockets for a card, and susan saw that his jaw was tightened up so that the muscles stood out in faintly serrated knots, and his eyes were abnormally level.'
Expected: 'Storm was searching in his pockets for a card, and Susan saw that his jaw was tightened up so that the muscles stood out in faintly serrated knots, and his eyes were abnormally level.'
Actual:   'Stormwassearchinginhispocketsforacard,andsusansawthathisjawwastightenedupsothatthemusclesstoodoutinfaintlyserratedknots,andhiseyeswereabnormallylevel.'
Type: Other error

Error #943:
Input:    'wondering, she looked at the others.'
Expected: 'Wondering, she looked at the others.'
Actual:   'Wondering,shelookedattheothers.'
Type: Other error

Error #944:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt was standing by importantly with a broad smile on his face, and yet he was trembling with excitement.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt was standing by importantly with a broad smile on his face, and yet he was trembling with excitement.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaytwasstandingbyimportantlywithabroadsmileonhisface,andyethewastremblingwithexcitement.'
Type: Other error

Error #945:
Input:    'mattock had looked up from applying first aid to his employer, and was staring at one of the other two--she could not be sure which.'
Expected: 'Mattock had looked up from applying first aid to his employer, and was staring at one of the other two--she could not be sure which.'
Actual:   'Mattockhadlookedupfromapplyingfirstaidtohisemployer,andwasstaringatoneoftheothertwo -- shecouldnotbesurewhich.'
Type: Other error

Error #946:
Input:    'his features were contorted, his mouth working, and there was a blaze in his eyes that set her heart pounding against her ribs like a trip-hammer.'
Expected: 'His features were contorted, his mouth working, and there was a blaze in his eyes that set her heart pounding against her ribs like a trip-hammer.'
Actual:   'Hisfeatureswerecontorted,hismouthworking,andtherewasablazeinhiseyesthatsetherheartpoundingagainstherribslikeatrip-hammer.'
Type: Other error

Error #947:
Input:    'chapter vi immigration of the ungodly storm breakfasted with hannassay on the morning his lordship left for his holiday.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER VI IMMIGRATION OF THE UNGODLY Storm breakfasted with Hannassay on the morning his lordship left for his holiday.'
Actual:   'Chapterviimmigrationoftheungodlystormbreakfastedwithhannassayonthemorninghislordshipleftforhisholiday.'
Type: Other error

Error #948:
Input:    'it was an unexpected invitation, but lord hannassay came to the reason of it without delay.'
Expected: 'It was an unexpected invitation, but Lord Hannassay came to the reason of it without delay.'
Actual:   'Itwasanunexpectedinvitation,butlordhannassaycametothereasonofitwithoutdelay.'
Type: Other error

Error #949:
Input:    '"i have made arrangements for you to be given complete charge of the case," he said.'
Expected: '"I have made arrangements for you to be given complete charge of the case," he said.'
Actual:   '``ihavemadearrangementsforyoutobegivencompletechargeofthecase,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #950:
Input:    '"you will probably get the official intimation when you reach the yard." his usual abruptness of manner was conspicuously absent.'
Expected: '"You will probably get the official intimation when you reach the Yard." His usual abruptness of manner was conspicuously absent.'
Actual:   '``youwillprobablygettheofficialintimationwhenyoureachtheyard.'' Hisusualabruptnessofmannerwasconspicuouslyabsent.'
Type: Other error

Error #951:
Input:    'he spoke restrainedly and rather artificially, like a man who has planned out his speech in advance and intends to adhere rigidly to a premeditated sequence of words.'
Expected: 'He spoke restrainedly and rather artificially, like a man who has planned out his speech in advance and intends to adhere rigidly to a premeditated sequence of words.'
Actual:   'Hespokerestrainedlyandratherartificially,likeamanwhohasplannedouthisspeechinadvanceandintendstoadhererigidlytoapremeditatedsequenceofwords.'
Type: Other error

Error #952:
Input:    '"you will have _carte blanche_, and you may use any means you think fit within--and, by special arrangement, without--the law to round up the alpha triangle.'
Expected: '"You will have _carte blanche_, and you may use any means you think fit within--and, by special arrangement, without--the law to round up the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   '``youwillhave_carteblanche_,andyoumayuseanymeansyouthinkfitwithin -- and,byspecialarrangement,without -- thelawtoroundupthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #953:
Input:    'i am convinced that the menace with which we are faced is the greatest in the history of crime." "i'm glad to have your support," said storm.'
Expected: 'I am convinced that the menace with which we are faced is the greatest in the history of crime." "I'm glad to have your support," said Storm.'
Actual:   'Iamconvincedthatthemenacewithwhichwearefacedisthegreatestinthehistoryofcrime.'' ``i'mgladtohaveyoursupport,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #954:
Input:    '"i more than scent rodents myself!'
Expected: '"I more than scent rodents myself!'
Actual:   '``imorethanscentrodentsmyself!'
Type: Other error

Error #955:
Input:    'but i thought i was in for some job persuading the authorities i wasn't an alarmist." the peer nodded absently and stirred his coffee.'
Expected: 'But I thought I was in for some job persuading the authorities I wasn't an alarmist." The peer nodded absently and stirred his coffee.'
Actual:   'Butithoughtiwasinforsomejobpersuadingtheauthoritiesiwasn'tanalarmist.'' Thepeernoddedabsentlyandstirredhiscoffee.'
Type: Other error

Error #956:
Input:    'he seemed hardly to have heard kit's remark, and when he spoke again it was in the same mechanical way as before, as though he neither anticipated nor required interruption.'
Expected: 'He seemed hardly to have heard Kit's remark, and when he spoke again it was in the same mechanical way as before, as though he neither anticipated nor required interruption.'
Actual:   'Heseemedhardlytohaveheardkit'sremark,andwhenhespokeagainitwasinthesamemechanicalwayasbefore,asthoughheneitheranticipatednorrequiredinterruption.'
Type: Other error

Error #957:
Input:    '"strictly between ourselves, captain arden, i know the secret of the alpha triangle." he pushed away his plate and lighted a cigar.'
Expected: '"Strictly between ourselves, Captain Arden, I know the secret of the Alpha Triangle." He pushed away his plate and lighted a cigar.'
Actual:   '``strictlybetweenourselves,captainarden,iknowthesecretofthealphatriangle.'' Hepushedawayhisplateandlightedacigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #958:
Input:    '"that, i think, should surprise you.'
Expected: '"That, I think, should surprise you.'
Actual:   '``that,ithink,shouldsurpriseyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #959:
Input:    'you will ask, also, why i do not place my information at the service of the police.'
Expected: 'You will ask, also, why I do not place my information at the service of the police.'
Actual:   'Youwillask,also,whyidonotplacemyinformationattheserviceofthepolice.'
Type: Other error

Error #960:
Input:    'there is a reason for that--a reason which i cannot explain to you now, but which will be clear to you when, and if, you run the gang to earth.'
Expected: 'There is a reason for that--a reason which I cannot explain to you now, but which will be clear to you when, and if, you run the gang to earth.'
Actual:   'Thereisareasonforthat -- areasonwhichicannotexplaintoyounow,butwhichwillbecleartoyouwhen,andif,yourunthegangtoearth.'
Type: Other error

Error #961:
Input:    'the alpha triangle is an organisation which came into existence originally for the purposes of revenge--the purpose for which it was organised by a genius who, i sometimes think, is mad.'
Expected: 'The Alpha Triangle is an organisation which came into existence originally for the purposes of revenge--the purpose for which it was organised by a genius who, I sometimes think, is mad.'
Actual:   'Thealphatriangleisanorganisationwhichcameintoexistenceoriginallyforthepurposesofrevenge -- thepurposeforwhichitwasorganisedbyageniuswho,isometimesthink,ismad.'
Type: Other error

Error #962:
Input:    'you have, of course, been interested in the murder--it was murder, by the way--of joubert, a few months ago.'
Expected: 'You have, of course, been interested in the murder--it was murder, by the way--of Joubert, a few months ago.'
Actual:   'Youhave,ofcourse,beeninterestedinthemurder -- itwasmurder,bytheway -- ofjoubert,afewmonthsago.'
Type: Other error

Error #963:
Input:    'that was the first crime of the triangle, and yet i offer for your contemplation the paradox that until five minutes before the murder there was no alpha triangle." storm sat without comment, although he was literally amazed at the confession he had just heard.'
Expected: 'That was the first crime of the Triangle, and yet I offer for your contemplation the paradox that until five minutes before the murder there was no Alpha Triangle." Storm sat without comment, although he was literally amazed at the confession he had just heard.'
Actual:   'Thatwasthefirstcrimeofthetriangle,andyetiofferforyourcontemplationtheparadoxthatuntilfiveminutesbeforethemurdertherewasnoalphatriangle.'' Stormsatwithoutcomment,althoughhewasliterallyamazedattheconfessionhehadjustheard.'
Type: Other error

Error #964:
Input:    'lord hannassay, whose eyes throughout had been fixed vacantly on the opposite wall, after the fashion of a child repeating a lesson, looked at him suddenly and surprised that look of consternation.'
Expected: 'Lord Hannassay, whose eyes throughout had been fixed vacantly on the opposite wall, after the fashion of a child repeating a lesson, looked at him suddenly and surprised that look of consternation.'
Actual:   'Lordhannassay,whoseeyesthroughouthadbeenfixedvacantlyontheoppositewall,afterthefashionofachildrepeatingalesson,lookedathimsuddenlyandsurprisedthatlookofconsternation.'
Type: Other error

Error #965:
Input:    '"exactly--i am deliberately admitting that i am, in a sense, an accessory," he said with a smile.'
Expected: '"Exactly--I am deliberately admitting that I am, in a sense, an accessory," he said with a smile.'
Actual:   '``exactly -- iamdeliberatelyadmittingthatiam,inasense,anaccessory,''hesaidwithasmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #966:
Input:    '"i must ask you to accept the extraordinary situation, the cause of which will be apparent to you at the successful conclusion of your labours.'
Expected: '"I must ask you to accept the extraordinary situation, the cause of which will be apparent to you at the successful conclusion of your labours.'
Actual:   '``imustaskyoutoaccepttheextraordinarysituation,thecauseofwhichwillbeapparenttoyouatthesuccessfulconclusionofyourlabours.'
Type: Other error

Error #967:
Input:    'the alpha triangle, then," he went on, "from being a purely revengeful society, became an acquisitively criminal one.'
Expected: 'The Alpha Triangle, then," he went on, "from being a purely revengeful society, became an acquisitively criminal one.'
Actual:   'Thealphatriangle,then,''hewenton,``frombeingapurelyrevengefulsociety,becameanacquisitivelycriminalone.'
Type: Other error

Error #968:
Input:    'i ask you to take my word on that score, for although the triangle has committed no acquisitive crimes up to date, i have every reason to believe that it will make up for the deficiency in the future.'
Expected: 'I ask you to take my word on that score, for although the Triangle has committed no acquisitive crimes up to date, I have every reason to believe that it will make up for the deficiency in the future.'
Actual:   'Iaskyoutotakemywordonthatscore,foralthoughthetrianglehascommittednoacquisitivecrimesuptodate,ihaveeveryreasontobelievethatitwillmakeupforthedeficiencyinthefuture.'
Type: Other error

Error #969:
Input:    'this transition, already an accomplished fact--in the spirit, if not in the deed--must have already occurred to you as a probability.'
Expected: 'This transition, already an accomplished fact--in the spirit, if not in the deed--must have already occurred to you as a probability.'
Actual:   'Thistransition,alreadyanaccomplishedfact -- inthespirit,ifnotinthedeed -- musthavealreadyoccurredtoyouasaprobability.'
Type: Other error

Error #970:
Input:    'what, indeed, could be more natural than that such an organisation, having established a powerful and unscrupulous society for taking its vengeances, should visualise the possibilities for material gain latent in such a society?'
Expected: 'What, indeed, could be more natural than that such an organisation, having established a powerful and unscrupulous society for taking its vengeances, should visualise the possibilities for material gain latent in such a society?'
Actual:   'What,indeed,couldbemorenaturalthanthatsuchanorganisation,havingestablishedapowerfulandunscrupuloussocietyfortakingitsvengeances,shouldvisualisethepossibilitiesformaterialgainlatentinsuchasociety?'
Type: Other error

Error #971:
Input:    'the power is there--a power, captain arden, which, if you knew its magnitude and the utter, cold, superhuman inflexibility of the man who controls it, might make even you, in spite of your reputation for physical prowess and indomitable courage, turn back from the task you seem so eager to undertake." for all the precise, calculated levelness of lord hannassay's voice, there was an earnestness behind his pedantic sentences that pricked the small hairs on the nape of storm's neck like a chill wind.'
Expected: 'The power is there--a power, Captain Arden, which, if you knew its magnitude and the utter, cold, superhuman inflexibility of the man who controls it, might make even you, in spite of your reputation for physical prowess and indomitable courage, turn back from the task you seem so eager to undertake." For all the precise, calculated levelness of Lord Hannassay's voice, there was an earnestness behind his pedantic sentences that pricked the small hairs on the nape of Storm's neck like a chill wind.'
Actual:   'Thepoweristhere -- apower,captainarden,which,ifyouknewitsmagnitudeandtheutter,cold,superhumaninflexibilityofthemanwhocontrolsit,mightmakeevenyou,inspiteofyourreputationforphysicalprowessandindomitablecourage,turnbackfromthetaskyouseemsoeagertoundertake.'' Foralltheprecise,calculatedlevelnessoflordhannassay'svoice,therewasanearnestnessbehindhispedanticsentencesthatprickedthesmallhairsonthenapeofstorm'snecklikeachillwind.'
Type: Other error

Error #972:
Input:    'and yet this was a purely reflex sensation, for storm smiled lightly and flicked the ash from his cigarette with leisured care.'
Expected: 'And yet this was a purely reflex sensation, for Storm smiled lightly and flicked the ash from his cigarette with leisured care.'
Actual:   'Andyetthiswasapurelyreflexsensation,forstormsmiledlightlyandflickedtheashfromhiscigarettewithleisuredcare.'
Type: Other error

Error #973:
Input:    '"i'll take the risk," he drawled.'
Expected: '"I'll take the risk," he drawled.'
Actual:   '``i'lltaketherisk,''hedrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #974:
Input:    'lord hannassay nodded slowly.'
Expected: 'Lord Hannassay nodded slowly.'
Actual:   'Lordhannassaynoddedslowly.'
Type: Other error

Error #975:
Input:    '"i thought you would," he said.'
Expected: '"I thought you would," he said.'
Actual:   '``ithoughtyouwould,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #976:
Input:    '"you're the sort that would." "and that's not what they call 'sand,' either," said storm, and his mocking smile flitted elusively across his lips.'
Expected: '"You're the sort that would." "And that's not what they call 'sand,' either," said Storm, and his mocking smile flitted elusively across his lips.'
Actual:   '``you'rethesortthatwould.'' ``andthat'snotwhattheycall'sand,'either,''saidstorm,andhismockingsmileflittedelusivelyacrosshislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #977:
Input:    '"i'll give it you, lord hannassay, straight, that i'd rather tackle anything else under the sun than this triangle business.'
Expected: '"I'll give it you, Lord Hannassay, straight, that I'd rather tackle anything else under the sun than this Triangle business.'
Actual:   '``i'llgiveityou,lordhannassay,straight,thati'drathertackleanythingelseunderthesunthanthistrianglebusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #978:
Input:    'and i could throw in my hand--i'm not a detective, and i'm not even in special branch regularly.'
Expected: 'And I could throw in my hand--I'm not a detective, and I'm not even in Special Branch regularly.'
Actual:   'Andicouldthrowinmyhand -- i'mnotadetective,andi'mnoteveninspecialbranchregularly.'
Type: Other error

Error #979:
Input:    'i stay on simply because it's a challenge.'
Expected: 'I stay on simply because it's a challenge.'
Actual:   'Istayonsimplybecauseit'sachallenge.'
Type: Other error

Error #980:
Input:    'i've got some sort of a reputation among disreputable people--_storm won't be beat till he's buried, and maybe not then_, they'll tell you.'
Expected: 'I've got some sort of a reputation among disreputable people--_Storm won't be beat till he's buried, and maybe not then_, they'll tell you.'
Actual:   'I'vegotsomesortofareputationamongdisreputablepeople -- _stormwon'tbebeattillhe'sburied,andmaybenotthen_,they'lltellyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #981:
Input:    'and they've got it all wrong!'
Expected: 'And they've got it all wrong!'
Actual:   'Andthey'vegotitallwrong!'
Type: Other error

Error #982:
Input:    'it's pride--arrogance--conceit--anything you care to call it.'
Expected: 'It's pride--arrogance--conceit--anything you care to call it.'
Actual:   'It'spride -- arrogance -- conceit -- anythingyoucaretocallit.'
Type: Other error

Error #983:
Input:    'but all it stews down to is just that i'm too bucked with myself--it'd break my heart to have to admit i was beaten!'
Expected: 'But all it stews down to is just that I'm too bucked with myself--it'd break my heart to have to admit I was beaten!'
Actual:   'Butallitstewsdowntoisjustthati'mtoobuckedwithmyself -- it'dbreakmyhearttohavetoadmitiwasbeaten!'
Type: Other error

Error #984:
Input:    'i'd sooner go down fighting, because if i'm beaten that way i'll never have to admit it." he spoke without a trace of affectation, and yet it was an analysis he had never made to anyone in his life before.'
Expected: 'I'd sooner go down fighting, because if I'm beaten that way I'll never have to admit it." He spoke without a trace of affectation, and yet it was an analysis he had never made to anyone in his life before.'
Actual:   'I'dsoonergodownfighting,becauseifi'mbeatenthatwayi'llneverhavetoadmitit.'' Hespokewithoutatraceofaffectation,andyetitwasananalysishehadnevermadetoanyoneinhislifebefore.'
Type: Other error

Error #985:
Input:    'later, lord hannassay knew the reason for that frankness, yet even at the time storm's simple directness appealed to him.'
Expected: 'Later, Lord Hannassay knew the reason for that frankness, yet even at the time Storm's simple directness appealed to him.'
Actual:   'Later,lordhannassayknewthereasonforthatfrankness,yetevenatthetimestorm'ssimpledirectnessappealedtohim.'
Type: Other error

Error #986:
Input:    'the peer rose and held out his hand.'
Expected: 'The peer rose and held out his hand.'
Actual:   'Thepeerroseandheldouthishand.'
Type: Other error

Error #987:
Input:    '"i call that 'sand,'" he said quietly.'
Expected: '"I call that 'sand,'" he said quietly.'
Actual:   '``icallthat'sand,'''hesaidquietly.'
Type: Other error

Error #988:
Input:    '"captain arden, you have my very best wishes.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden, you have my very best wishes.'
Actual:   '``captainarden,youhavemyverybestwishes.'
Type: Other error

Error #989:
Input:    'i'm--scared of that triangle.'
Expected: 'I'm--scared of that Triangle.'
Actual:   'I'm -- scaredofthattriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #990:
Input:    'it's got me jumpy--that's honest." he had relapsed into his old jerky style.'
Expected: 'It's got me jumpy--that's honest." He had relapsed into his old jerky style.'
Actual:   'It'sgotmejumpy -- that'shonest.'' Hehadrelapsedintohisoldjerkystyle.'
Type: Other error

Error #991:
Input:    '"it's bigger than i ever dreamed such a thing could be.'
Expected: '"It's bigger than I ever dreamed such a thing could be.'
Actual:   '``it'sbiggerthanieverdreamedsuchathingcouldbe.'
Type: Other error

Error #992:
Input:    'queer thing: sometimes i don't care, sometimes i wish i could speak.'
Expected: 'Queer thing: sometimes I don't care, sometimes I wish I could speak.'
Actual:   'Queerthing:sometimesidon'tcare,sometimesiwishicouldspeak.'
Type: Other error

Error #993:
Input:    'probably you'll be killed; sometimes i'm sorry, sometimes it doesn't seem to matter.'
Expected: 'Probably you'll be killed; sometimes I'm sorry, sometimes it doesn't seem to matter.'
Actual:   'Probablyyou'llbekilled;sometimesi'msorry,sometimesitdoesn'tseemtomatter.'
Type: Other error

Error #994:
Input:    'yet i like you extraordinarily.'
Expected: 'Yet I like you extraordinarily.'
Actual:   'Yetilikeyouextraordinarily.'
Type: Other error

Error #995:
Input:    'look an easy man to frighten?" storm viewed the splendid physique, seemingly unimpaired by age, and his glance wandered to the masterful poise of the big head on the broad shoulders.'
Expected: 'Look an easy man to frighten?" Storm viewed the splendid physique, seemingly unimpaired by age, and his glance wandered to the masterful poise of the big head on the broad shoulders.'
Actual:   'Lookaneasymantofrighten?'' Stormviewedthesplendidphysique,seeminglyunimpairedbyage,andhisglancewanderedtothemasterfulpoiseofthebigheadonthebroadshoulders.'
Type: Other error

Error #996:
Input:    'he smiled as he shook his head.'
Expected: 'He smiled as he shook his head.'
Actual:   'Hesmiledasheshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #997:
Input:    '"i'm afraid," said lord hannassay with a grim matter-of-factness that was more startling than any emotional outburst.'
Expected: '"I'm afraid," said Lord Hannassay with a grim matter-of-factness that was more startling than any emotional outburst.'
Actual:   '``i'mafraid,''saidlordhannassaywithagrimmatter-of-factnessthatwasmorestartlingthananyemotionaloutburst.'
Type: Other error

Error #998:
Input:    '"is that serious?" storm asked incredulously, and hannassay nodded.'
Expected: '"Is that serious?" Storm asked incredulously, and Hannassay nodded.'
Actual:   '``isthatserious?'' Stormaskedincredulously,andhannassaynodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #999:
Input:    '"same as you--i'd like to be out of it.'
Expected: '"Same as you--I'd like to be out of it.'
Actual:   '``sameasyou -- i'dliketobeoutofit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1000:
Input:    'sooner or later, i think, i'll have to pay for my knowledge of it.'
Expected: 'Sooner or later, I think, I'll have to pay for my knowledge of it.'
Actual:   'Soonerorlater,ithink,i'llhavetopayformyknowledgeofit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1001:
Input:    'and yet, if i placed that knowledge at your disposal, even on your assurance that it would go no further, i should be little better off.'
Expected: 'And yet, if I placed that knowledge at your disposal, even on your assurance that it would go no further, I should be little better off.'
Actual:   'Andyet,ifiplacedthatknowledgeatyourdisposal,evenonyourassurancethatitwouldgonofurther,ishouldbelittlebetteroff.'
Type: Other error

Error #1002:
Input:    'the triangle is supremely callous--you understand that, captain arden?'
Expected: 'The Triangle is supremely callous--you understand that, Captain Arden?'
Actual:   'Thetriangleissupremelycallous -- youunderstandthat,captainarden?'
Type: Other error

Error #1003:
Input:    'a human life--half a dozen, if you like--_that_!" he snapped his fingers contemptuously.'
Expected: 'A human life--half a dozen, if you like--_that_!" He snapped his fingers contemptuously.'
Actual:   'Ahumanlife -- halfadozen,ifyoulike -- _that_!'' Hesnappedhisfingerscontemptuously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1004:
Input:    'storm concentrated on blowing three smoke rings interlinked with accurate symmetry.'
Expected: 'Storm concentrated on blowing three smoke rings interlinked with accurate symmetry.'
Actual:   'Stormconcentratedonblowingthreesmokeringsinterlinkedwithaccuratesymmetry.'
Type: Other error

Error #1005:
Input:    '"who is bulsaid?" he asked carelessly.'
Expected: '"Who is Bulsaid?" he asked carelessly.'
Actual:   '``whoisbulsaid?'' Heaskedcarelessly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1006:
Input:    'he had expected to create a sensation, and in this he was not disappointed.'
Expected: 'He had expected to create a sensation, and in this he was not disappointed.'
Actual:   'Hehadexpectedtocreateasensation,andinthishewasnotdisappointed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1007:
Input:    'hannassay froze into a rock-like immobility.'
Expected: 'Hannassay froze into a rock-like immobility.'
Actual:   'Hannassayfrozeintoarock-likeimmobility.'
Type: Other error

Error #1008:
Input:    'his pale blue eyes were like chips of ice, brittle and glistening.'
Expected: 'His pale blue eyes were like chips of ice, brittle and glistening.'
Actual:   'Hispaleblueeyeswerelikechipsofice,brittleandglistening.'
Type: Other error

Error #1009:
Input:    '"bulsaid," he whispered.'
Expected: '"Bulsaid," he whispered.'
Actual:   '``bulsaid,''hewhispered.'
Type: Other error

Error #1010:
Input:    '"bulsaid--the man who was supplanted by joe blaythwayt at school, whose mean little soul conceived even at that age an undying hatred of those who passed him in the race.'
Expected: '"Bulsaid--the man who was supplanted by Joe Blaythwayt at school, whose mean little soul conceived even at that age an undying hatred of those who passed him in the race.'
Actual:   '``bulsaid -- themanwhowassupplantedbyjoeblaythwaytatschool,whosemeanlittlesoulconceivedevenatthatageanundyinghatredofthosewhopassedhimintherace.'
Type: Other error

Error #1011:
Input:    'bulsaid, the man whom sir john marker beat at the clayston bye-election in march, 1897.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid, the man whom Sir John Marker beat at the Clayston bye-election in March, 1897.'
Actual:   'Bulsaid,themanwhomsirjohnmarkerbeatattheclaystonbye-electioninmarch,1897.'
Type: Other error

Error #1012:
Input:    'bulsaid, the scientist whose seriousness and anarchical views caused him to be ragged rather unmercifully at oxford, particularly by a man named james mattock--a man of good family but with too much money, a popular, noisy, carefree youngster whom bulsaid came to add to the list of enemies his warped mind never forgot.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid, the scientist whose seriousness and anarchical views caused him to be ragged rather unmercifully at Oxford, particularly by a man named James Mattock--a man of good family but with too much money, a popular, noisy, carefree youngster whom Bulsaid came to add to the list of enemies his warped mind never forgot.'
Actual:   'Bulsaid,thescientistwhoseseriousnessandanarchicalviewscausedhimtoberaggedratherunmercifullyatoxford,particularlybyamannamedjamesmattock -- amanofgoodfamilybutwithtoomuchmoney,apopular,noisy,carefreeyoungsterwhombulsaidcametoaddtothelistofenemieshiswarpedmindneverforgot.'
Type: Other error

Error #1013:
Input:    'bulsaid, the man who has you, lord hannassay, in his clutches, and who will perhaps never let you go.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid, the man who has you, Lord Hannassay, in his clutches, and who will perhaps never let you go.'
Actual:   'Bulsaid,themanwhohasyou,lordhannassay,inhisclutches,andwhowillperhapsneverletyougo.'
Type: Other error

Error #1014:
Input:    'bulsaid, the brilliant scholar, the fanatic, the unforgiving hater, the embittered, half-mad genius--hugo arden bulsaid, my father!" the under secretary said nothing, but the ramrod set of his giant frame was now only superficial, for storm saw that the whole man was vibrant with tiny tremors.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid, the brilliant scholar, the fanatic, the unforgiving hater, the embittered, half-mad genius--Hugo Arden Bulsaid, my father!" The Under Secretary said nothing, but the ramrod set of his giant frame was now only superficial, for Storm saw that the whole man was vibrant with tiny tremors.'
Actual:   'Bulsaid,thebrilliantscholar,thefanatic,theunforgivinghater,theembittered,half-madgenius -- hugoardenbulsaid,myfather!'' Theundersecretarysaidnothing,buttheramrodsetofhisgiantframewasnowonlysuperficial,forstormsawthatthewholemanwasvibrantwithtinytremors.'
Type: Other error

Error #1015:
Input:    'every line on that stern, dominant face was graven deeper and sterner, and little chips of hot steel glinted behind the icy blue eyes.'
Expected: 'Every line on that stern, dominant face was graven deeper and sterner, and little chips of hot steel glinted behind the icy blue eyes.'
Actual:   'Everylineonthatstern,dominantfacewasgravendeeperandsterner,andlittlechipsofhotsteelglintedbehindtheicyblueeyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1016:
Input:    '"hugo arden bulsaid," said storm slowly, "the man who made oscar raegenssen, and who will break him; the man who'll kill me one day, if i don't kill him!" "so you know," breathed hannassay.'
Expected: '"Hugo Arden Bulsaid," said Storm slowly, "the man who made Oscar Raegenssen, and who will break him; the man who'll kill me one day, if I don't kill him!" "So you know," breathed Hannassay.'
Actual:   '``hugoardenbulsaid,''saidstormslowly,``themanwhomadeoscarraegenssen,andwhowillbreakhim;themanwho'llkillmeoneday,ifidon'tkillhim!'' ``soyouknow,''breathedhannassay.'
Type: Other error

Error #1017:
Input:    '"and i needn't have been so secretive about my knowledge." he placed his thin cigar between his white teeth and walked across to the window, whence he could look out on the green beauty of hyde park dappled with the golden glory of the morning sun.'
Expected: '"And I needn't have been so secretive about my knowledge." He placed his thin cigar between his white teeth and walked across to the window, whence he could look out on the green beauty of Hyde Park dappled with the golden glory of the morning sun.'
Actual:   '``andineedn'thavebeensosecretiveaboutmyknowledge.'' Heplacedhisthincigarbetweenhiswhiteteethandwalkedacrosstothewindow,whencehecouldlookoutonthegreenbeautyofhydeparkdappledwiththegoldengloryofthemorningsun.'
Type: Other error

Error #1018:
Input:    'i know," said storm after a silence, and the peer turned.'
Expected: 'I know," said Storm after a silence, and the peer turned.'
Actual:   'Iknow,''saidstormafterasilence,andthepeerturned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1019:
Input:    '"captain arden," he said, "do you hate your father?" storm shook his head.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden," he said, "do you hate your father?" Storm shook his head.'
Actual:   '``captainarden,''hesaid,``doyouhateyourfather?'' Stormshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #1020:
Input:    '"no--it's just the luck of the game." he paused.'
Expected: '"No--it's just the luck of the game." He paused.'
Actual:   '``no -- it'sjusttheluckofthegame.'' Hepaused.'
Type: Other error

Error #1021:
Input:    '"but you hate him." "i hate him, i think, more than i had ever believed it was possible to hate a man," said hannassay with a cold gentleness that was like the caress of vitriol.'
Expected: '"But you hate him." "I hate him, I think, more than I had ever believed it was possible to hate a man," said Hannassay with a cold gentleness that was like the caress of vitriol.'
Actual:   '``butyouhatehim.'' ``ihatehim,ithink,morethanihadeverbelieveditwaspossibletohateaman,''saidhannassaywithacoldgentlenessthatwaslikethecaressofvitriol.'
Type: Other error

Error #1022:
Input:    '"i hate him from the ultimate depths of my soul.'
Expected: '"I hate him from the ultimate depths of my soul.'
Actual:   '``ihatehimfromtheultimatedepthsofmysoul.'
Type: Other error

Error #1023:
Input:    'i would kill him without compunction and without fear this day...'
Expected: 'I would kill him without compunction and without fear this day...'
Actual:   'Iwouldkillhimwithoutcompunctionandwithoutfearthisday...'
Type: Other error

Error #1024:
Input:    'but for one thing." storm pitched the stump of his cigarette into a flowerpot and buttoned his coat.'
Expected: 'but for one thing." Storm pitched the stump of his cigarette into a flowerpot and buttoned his coat.'
Actual:   'Butforonething.'' Stormpitchedthestumpofhiscigaretteintoaflowerpotandbuttonedhiscoat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1025:
Input:    'in those trivial actions he dispelled the tense gloom of the atmosphere as the dawning sunshine breaks up the miasma of a swamp--it was a quality born of his clean, fresh wholesomeness.'
Expected: 'In those trivial actions he dispelled the tense gloom of the atmosphere as the dawning sunshine breaks up the miasma of a swamp--it was a quality born of his clean, fresh wholesomeness.'
Actual:   'Inthosetrivialactionshedispelledthetensegloomoftheatmosphereasthedawningsunshinebreaksupthemiasmaofaswamp -- itwasaqualitybornofhisclean,freshwholesomeness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1026:
Input:    '"i must be going," he said cheerily.'
Expected: '"I must be going," he said cheerily.'
Actual:   '``imustbegoing,''hesaidcheerily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1027:
Input:    '"hope you have a good holiday." lord hannassay did not ring for the butler, but himself escorted his guest to the door and opened it.'
Expected: '"Hope you have a good holiday." Lord Hannassay did not ring for the butler, but himself escorted his guest to the door and opened it.'
Actual:   '``hopeyouhaveagoodholiday.'' Lordhannassaydidnotringforthebutler,buthimselfescortedhisguesttothedoorandopenedit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1028:
Input:    'he held out his hand and took kit arden's in a firm grip.'
Expected: 'He held out his hand and took Kit Arden's in a firm grip.'
Actual:   'HeheldouthishandandtookKitarden'sinafirmgrip.'
Type: Other error

Error #1029:
Input:    '"_au revoir_," said storm, but hannassay's head made a slight, half-amused negative movement.'
Expected: '"_Au revoir_," said Storm, but Hannassay's head made a slight, half-amused negative movement.'
Actual:   '``_aurevoir_,''saidstorm,buthannassay'sheadmadeaslight,half-amusednegativemovement.'
Type: Other error

Error #1030:
Input:    '"_adieu_," he said.'
Expected: '"_Adieu_," he said.'
Actual:   '``_adieu_,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1031:
Input:    '"a premonition, captain arden....'
Expected: '"A premonition, Captain Arden....'
Actual:   '``apremonition,captainarden....'
Type: Other error

Error #1032:
Input:    'we shall never meet again....'
Expected: 'We shall never meet again....'
Actual:   'Weshallnevermeetagain....'
Type: Other error

Error #1033:
Input:    'good-bye!" storm drove back to new scotland yard, and found the indefatigable teal waiting for him.'
Expected: 'Good-bye!" Storm drove back to New Scotland Yard, and found the indefatigable Teal waiting for him.'
Actual:   'Good-bye!'' Stormdrovebacktonewscotlandyard,andfoundtheindefatigabletealwaitingforhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1034:
Input:    'that stout detective was working his jaws rhythmically, and a folded copy of the morning paper was propped up on storm's table before him, while a litter of papers and printed forms of all colours were spread across the blotter.'
Expected: 'That stout detective was working his jaws rhythmically, and a folded copy of the morning paper was propped up on Storm's table before him, while a litter of papers and printed forms of all colours were spread across the blotter.'
Actual:   'Thatstoutdetectivewasworkinghisjawsrhythmically,andafoldedcopyofthemorningpaperwasproppeduponstorm'stablebeforehim,whilealitterofpapersandprintedformsofallcolourswerespreadacrosstheblotter.'
Type: Other error

Error #1035:
Input:    '"there's a few notes you asked for," he remarked.'
Expected: '"There's a few notes you asked for," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``there'safewnotesyouaskedfor,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1036:
Input:    '"i've been looking through them." he rose ponderously, and storm took his place at the desk.'
Expected: '"I've been looking through them." He rose ponderously, and Storm took his place at the desk.'
Actual:   '``i'vebeenlookingthroughthem.'' Heroseponderously,andstormtookhisplaceatthedesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #1037:
Input:    '"i can see somebody's been at them," said storm gently, and proceeded to attempt to restore order.'
Expected: '"I can see somebody's been at them," said Storm gently, and proceeded to attempt to restore order.'
Actual:   '``icanseesomebody'sbeenatthem,''saidstormgently,andproceededtoattempttorestoreorder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1038:
Input:    '"those files of the _record_ arrived yet?" "they're at the bottom." storm swept the chaos to one side and opened the package which lay beneath.'
Expected: '"Those files of the _Record_ arrived yet?" "They're at the bottom." Storm swept the chaos to one side and opened the package which lay beneath.'
Actual:   '``thosefilesofthe_record_arrivedyet?'' ``they'reatthebottom.'' Stormsweptthechaostoonesideandopenedthepackagewhichlaybeneath.'
Type: Other error

Error #1039:
Input:    'then he smoothed out the two newspapers he found and began to skim methodically through the pages.'
Expected: 'Then he smoothed out the two newspapers he found and began to skim methodically through the pages.'
Actual:   'Thenhesmoothedoutthetwonewspapershefoundandbegantoskimmethodicallythroughthepages.'
Type: Other error

Error #1040:
Input:    'it was some minutes before he found the passage he had expected to find, and then the form of it was entirely unsuspected.'
Expected: 'It was some minutes before he found the passage he had expected to find, and then the form of it was entirely unsuspected.'
Actual:   'Itwassomeminutesbeforehefoundthepassagehehadexpectedtofind,andthentheformofitwasentirelyunsuspected.'
Type: Other error

Error #1041:
Input:    'it consisted of the book reviews, and most of the space was occupied by criticisms of a certain work.'
Expected: 'It consisted of the book reviews, and most of the space was occupied by criticisms of a certain work.'
Actual:   'Itconsistedofthebookreviews,andmostofthespacewasoccupiedbycriticismsofacertainwork.'
Type: Other error

Error #1042:
Input:    '"you read this, teal," he observed after a while, "and then tell uncle joe to give up literature as a career.'
Expected: '"You read this, Teal," he observed after a while, "and then tell Uncle Joe to give up literature as a career.'
Actual:   '``youreadthis,teal,''heobservedafterawhile,``andthentellunclejoetogiveupliteratureasacareer.'
Type: Other error

Error #1043:
Input:    'he's no idea what budding authors have to put up with!" the commentary was one of the most scathing storm had ever read.'
Expected: 'He's no idea what budding authors have to put up with!" The commentary was one of the most scathing Storm had ever read.'
Actual:   'He'snoideawhatbuddingauthorshavetoputupwith!'' Thecommentarywasoneofthemostscathingstormhadeverread.'
Type: Other error

Error #1044:
Input:    'at the head of it was the title _devolution_, by hugo bulsaid; and, a little lower down, appeared the name of the reviewer--signed, as he had anticipated, john cardan.'
Expected: 'At the head of it was the title _Devolution_, by Hugo Bulsaid; and, a little lower down, appeared the name of the reviewer--signed, as he had anticipated, John Cardan.'
Actual:   'Attheheadofitwasthetitle_devolution_,byhugobulsaid;and,alittlelowerdown,appearedthenameofthereviewer -- signed,ashehadanticipated,johncardan.'
Type: Other error

Error #1045:
Input:    'there was one paragraph: we are, frankly, amazed that a firm of such standing as messrs.'
Expected: 'There was one paragraph: We are, frankly, amazed that a firm of such standing as Messrs.'
Actual:   'Therewasoneparagraph:weare,frankly,amazedthatafirmofsuchstandingasmessrs.'
Type: Other error

Error #1046:
Input:    'barry and stokes should have suffered such a fit of judicial aberration as to place on the market a work of such incredible worthlessness.'
Expected: 'Barry and Stokes should have suffered such a fit of judicial aberration as to place on the market a work of such incredible worthlessness.'
Actual:   'Barryandstokesshouldhavesufferedsuchafitofjudicialaberrationastoplaceonthemarketaworkofsuchincredibleworthlessness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1047:
Input:    'we are equally astounded that a man of such scientific prestige as mr.'
Expected: 'We are equally astounded that a man of such scientific prestige as Mr.'
Actual:   'WeareequallyastoundedthatamanofsuchscientificprestigeasMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1048:
Input:    'bulsaid should have wasted his time in preparing it.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid should have wasted his time in preparing it.'
Actual:   'Bulsaidshouldhavewastedhistimeinpreparingit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1049:
Input:    'the article went on to discuss the worthlessness of the book in detail, and, judging by the quotations from it with which the remarks were interlarded, it seemed that there was some excuse for the reviewer's violence.'
Expected: 'The article went on to discuss the worthlessness of the book in detail, and, judging by the quotations from it with which the remarks were interlarded, it seemed that there was some excuse for the reviewer's violence.'
Actual:   'Thearticlewentontodiscusstheworthlessnessofthebookindetail,and,judgingbythequotationsfromitwithwhichtheremarkswereinterlarded,itseemedthattherewassomeexcuseforthereviewer'sviolence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1050:
Input:    '"anyone but bulsaid would have started a libel action," storm murmured.'
Expected: '"Anyone but Bulsaid would have started a libel action," Storm murmured.'
Actual:   '``anyonebutbulsaidwouldhavestartedalibelaction,''stormmurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #1051:
Input:    'the tirade concluded with these words: there is, we know, a great freedom allowed to the printed word, but this freedom was originated that social problems might be clearly and adequately discussed, and that reforms, where necessary, might be suggested without fear.'
Expected: 'The tirade concluded with these words: There is, we know, a great freedom allowed to the printed word, but this freedom was originated that social problems might be clearly and adequately discussed, and that reforms, where necessary, might be suggested without fear.'
Actual:   'Thetiradeconcludedwiththesewords:thereis,weknow,agreatfreedomallowedtotheprintedword,butthisfreedomwasoriginatedthatsocialproblemsmightbeclearlyandadequatelydiscussed,andthatreforms,wherenecessary,mightbesuggestedwithoutfear.'
Type: Other error

Error #1052:
Input:    'it was not granted in order that such works as "devolution" might be published.'
Expected: 'It was not granted in order that such works as "Devolution" might be published.'
Actual:   'Itwasnotgrantedinorderthatsuchworksas``devolution''mightbepublished.'
Type: Other error

Error #1053:
Input:    '"devolution" is not only a degrading book; it is a revolting book.'
Expected: '"Devolution" is not only a degrading book; it is a revolting book.'
Actual:   '``devolution''isnotonlyadegradingbook;itisarevoltingbook.'
Type: Other error

Error #1054:
Input:    'the subject is unclean, the theme might have been adopted from the ravings of a lunatic, the treatment is of a coarseness unrelieved by the faintest sparkle of wit or logic, and to the mentality of the author can only be applied the adjective "septic." the only way in which one can regard this work is as a joke--and then the joke is in such poisonous taste that, one hopes, it would scarcely be tolerated in a wapping taproom.'
Expected: 'The subject is unclean, the theme might have been adopted from the ravings of a lunatic, the treatment is of a coarseness unrelieved by the faintest sparkle of wit or logic, and to the mentality of the author can only be applied the adjective "septic." The only way in which one can regard this work is as a joke--and then the joke is in such poisonous taste that, one hopes, it would scarcely be tolerated in a Wapping taproom.'
Actual:   'Thesubjectisunclean,thethememighthavebeenadoptedfromtheravingsofalunatic,thetreatmentisofacoarsenessunrelievedbythefaintestsparkleofwitorlogic,andtothementalityoftheauthorcanonlybeappliedtheadjective``septic.'' Theonlywayinwhichonecanregardthisworkisasajoke -- andthenthejokeisinsuchpoisonoustastethat,onehopes,itwouldscarcelybetoleratedinawappingtaproom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1055:
Input:    'storm passed the sheet over to teal, and the stolid detective read it dispassionately.'
Expected: 'Storm passed the sheet over to Teal, and the stolid detective read it dispassionately.'
Actual:   'Stormpassedthesheetovertoteal,andthestoliddetectivereaditdispassionately.'
Type: Other error

Error #1056:
Input:    '"i hope you never read _devolution_," kit said when teal had finished.'
Expected: '"I hope you never read _Devolution_," Kit said when Teal had finished.'
Actual:   '``ihopeyouneverread_devolution_,''kitsaidwhentealhadfinished.'
Type: Other error

Error #1057:
Input:    '"i was a respectably married man by that time," said mr.'
Expected: '"I was a respectably married man by that time," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``iwasarespectablymarriedmanbythattime,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1058:
Input:    'teal virtuously.'
Expected: 'Teal virtuously.'
Actual:   'Tealvirtuously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1059:
Input:    '"and, anyway, what sort of jokes don't they tolerate in wapping taprooms?'
Expected: '"And, anyway, what sort of jokes don't they tolerate in Wapping taprooms?'
Actual:   '``and,anyway,whatsortofjokesdon'ttheytolerateinwappingtaprooms?'
Type: Other error

Error #1060:
Input:    'i've never been into one--fat men didn't ought to drink." "i seem to have heard that homily before," remarked storm.'
Expected: 'I've never been into one--fat men didn't ought to drink." "I seem to have heard that homily before," remarked Storm.'
Actual:   'I'veneverbeenintoone -- fatmendidn'toughttodrink.'' ``iseemtohaveheardthathomilybefore,''remarkedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1061:
Input:    '"anyway, not many people did read it--it was withdrawn shortly after that review.'
Expected: '"Anyway, not many people did read it--it was withdrawn shortly after that review.'
Actual:   '``anyway,notmanypeopledidreadit -- itwaswithdrawnshortlyafterthatreview.'
Type: Other error

Error #1062:
Input:    'here's the record." he glanced through the second paper and finally folded it down at a certain paragraph and passed it across the desk.'
Expected: 'Here's the record." He glanced through the second paper and finally folded it down at a certain paragraph and passed it across the desk.'
Actual:   'Here'stherecord.'' Heglancedthroughthesecondpaperandfinallyfoldeditdownatacertainparagraphandpasseditacrossthedesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #1063:
Input:    '"and yet it was all hot air," he said.'
Expected: '"And yet it was all hot air," he said.'
Actual:   '``andyetitwasallhotair,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1064:
Input:    '"i've made inquiries, and as far as anyone can ascertain, bulsaid led an impeccably moral life both before and after he married.'
Expected: '"I've made inquiries, and as far as anyone can ascertain, Bulsaid led an impeccably moral life both before and after he married.'
Actual:   '``i'vemadeinquiries,andasfarasanyonecanascertain,bulsaidledanimpeccablymorallifebothbeforeandafterhemarried.'
Type: Other error

Error #1065:
Input:    'i think that book marks the beginning of his definite insanity.'
Expected: 'I think that book marks the beginning of his definite insanity.'
Actual:   'Ithinkthatbookmarksthebeginningofhisdefiniteinsanity.'
Type: Other error

Error #1066:
Input:    'later, his madness turned into another channel, and consequently became far less obvious." he collected the scattered documents which he had pushed aside, and began to run through them, classifying them as he did so, and discarding those which did not bear directly on his investigation.'
Expected: 'Later, his madness turned into another channel, and consequently became far less obvious." He collected the scattered documents which he had pushed aside, and began to run through them, classifying them as he did so, and discarding those which did not bear directly on his investigation.'
Actual:   'Later,hismadnessturnedintoanotherchannel,andconsequentlybecamefarlessobvious.'' Hecollectedthescattereddocumentswhichhehadpushedaside,andbegantorunthroughthem,classifyingthemashedidso,anddiscardingthosewhichdidnotbeardirectlyonhisinvestigation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1067:
Input:    'then he drew a clean sheet of paper towards him and made some notes, and when he had finished he called teal over to study the result.'
Expected: 'Then he drew a clean sheet of paper towards him and made some notes, and when he had finished he called Teal over to study the result.'
Actual:   'Thenhedrewacleansheetofpapertowardshimandmadesomenotes,andwhenhehadfinishedhecalledtealovertostudytheresult.'
Type: Other error

Error #1068:
Input:    '"i know all about bulsaid," he said, speaking slowly and quietly, as was his fashion when he was outlining his thoughts aloud.'
Expected: '"I know all about Bulsaid," he said, speaking slowly and quietly, as was his fashion when he was outlining his thoughts aloud.'
Actual:   '``iknowallaboutbulsaid,''hesaid,speakingslowlyandquietly,aswashisfashionwhenhewasoutlininghisthoughtsaloud.'
Type: Other error

Error #1069:
Input:    '"but bulsaid isn't the triangle by any means!'
Expected: '"But Bulsaid isn't the Triangle by any means!'
Actual:   '``butbulsaidisn'tthetrianglebyanymeans!'
Type: Other error

Error #1070:
Input:    'there are men in the triangle who've been brought in to serve the ends of the triangle, but who've become its masters.'
Expected: 'There are men in the Triangle who've been brought in to serve the ends of the Triangle, but who've become its masters.'
Actual:   'Therearemeninthetrianglewho'vebeenbroughtintoservetheendsofthetriangle,butwho'vebecomeitsmasters.'
Type: Other error

Error #1071:
Input:    'not openly--that's not what i mean.'
Expected: 'Not openly--that's not what I mean.'
Actual:   'Notopenly -- that'snotwhatimean.'
Type: Other error

Error #1072:
Input:    'but work's got to be found for them, and money's got to be found for them, or else they'll turn on their leader.'
Expected: 'But work's got to be found for them, and money's got to be found for them, or else they'll turn on their leader.'
Actual:   'Butwork'sgottobefoundforthem,andmoney'sgottobefoundforthem,orelsethey'llturnontheirleader.'
Type: Other error

Error #1073:
Input:    'bulsaid started the triangle, and now bulsaid's the unconfessed slave of the men he leads." it was a curious thing that, although it was teal, acting on the suggestion of joe blaythwayt, who had revealed to storm the identity of his father, the relationship had never since then been mentioned between them.'
Expected: 'Bulsaid started the Triangle, and now Bulsaid's the unconfessed slave of the men he leads." It was a curious thing that, although it was Teal, acting on the suggestion of Joe Blaythwayt, who had revealed to Storm the identity of his father, the relationship had never since then been mentioned between them.'
Actual:   'Bulsaidstartedthetriangle,andnowbulsaid'stheunconfessedslaveofthemenheleads.'' Itwasacuriousthingthat,althoughitwasteal,actingonthesuggestionofjoeblaythwayt,whohadrevealedtostormtheidentityofhisfather,therelationshiphadneversincethenbeenmentionedbetweenthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1074:
Input:    '"here's the list," said storm, indicating the notes he had made, "of the crook emigrants into this country, as supplied to us by the american, french, and german police.'
Expected: '"Here's the list," said Storm, indicating the notes he had made, "of the crook emigrants into this country, as supplied to us by the American, French, and German police.'
Actual:   '``here'sthelist,''saidstorm,indicatingthenoteshehadmade,``ofthecrookemigrantsintothiscountry,assuppliedtousbytheamerican,french,andgermanpolice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1075:
Input:    'i'll bracket them off: con men"---he ticked one group with his pencil--"yeggs...'
Expected: 'I'll bracket them off: Con men"---he ticked one group with his pencil--"yeggs...'
Actual:   'I'llbracketthemoff:conmen'' -- -hetickedonegroupwithhispencil -- ''yeggs...'
Type: Other error

Error #1076:
Input:    'whizzers...'
Expected: 'whizzers...'
Actual:   'Whizzers...'
Type: Capitalization error

Error #1077:
Input:    'knockers-off...'
Expected: 'knockers-off...'
Actual:   'Knockers-off...'
Type: Capitalization error

Error #1078:
Input:    'blackmailers...'
Expected: 'blackmailers...'
Actual:   'Blackmailers...'
Type: Capitalization error

Error #1079:
Input:    'dope merchants...'
Expected: 'dope merchants...'
Actual:   'Dopemerchants...'
Type: Other error

Error #1080:
Input:    'jewel thieves...'
Expected: 'jewel thieves...'
Actual:   'Jewelthieves...'
Type: Other error

Error #1081:
Input:    'and so forth and so on.'
Expected: 'and so forth and so on.'
Actual:   'Andsoforthandsoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #1082:
Input:    'all the usual bunch who come over in the season--and the numbers are about average.'
Expected: 'All the usual bunch who come over in the season--and the numbers are about average.'
Actual:   'Alltheusualbunchwhocomeoverintheseason -- andthenumbersareaboutaverage.'
Type: Other error

Error #1083:
Input:    'but look at these, who generally stay at home: eleven killers from germany; sixteen ditto from paris, toulon and marseilles; twenty-seven synthetic american gunmen.'
Expected: 'But look at these, who generally stay at home: eleven killers from Germany; sixteen ditto from Paris, Toulon and Marseilles; twenty-seven synthetic American gunmen.'
Actual:   'Butlookatthese,whogenerallystayathome:elevenkillersfromgermany;sixteendittofromparis,toulonandmarseilles;twenty-sevensyntheticamericangunmen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1084:
Input:    'that makes fifty-four criminals who value the life of a man at approximately two cents---all in, or 'believed to be in,' london.'
Expected: 'That makes fifty-four criminals who value the life of a man at approximately two cents---all in, or 'believed to be in,' London.'
Actual:   'Thatmakesfifty-fourcriminalswhovaluethelifeofamanatapproximatelytwocents -- -allin,or'believedtobein,'london.'
Type: Other error

Error #1085:
Input:    'tell me why, teal!'
Expected: 'Tell me why, Teal!'
Actual:   'Tellmewhy,teal!'
Type: Other error

Error #1086:
Input:    'here's the report of the chief of the _sret: 'sans doute, quelqu'un a caus...._' sorry, you don't talk the lingo, do you?'
Expected: 'Here's the report of the Chief of the _Sret: 'Sans doute, quelqu'un a caus...._' Sorry, you don't talk the lingo, do you?'
Actual:   'Here'sthereportofthechiefofthe_sret:'sansdoute,quelqu'unacaus...._'sorry,youdon'ttalkthelingo,doyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #1087:
Input:    '"undoubtedly, someone has been talking of the opportunities which presents violent crime in england.'
Expected: '"Undoubtedly, someone has been talking of the opportunities which presents violent crime in England.'
Actual:   '``undoubtedly,someonehasbeentalkingoftheopportunitieswhichpresentsviolentcrimeinengland.'
Type: Other error

Error #1088:
Input:    'we have been able to trace some of the movements of this unknown, and we are convinced that his words have induced numbers of our criminals to quit our shores.'
Expected: 'We have been able to trace some of the movements of this unknown, and we are convinced that his words have induced numbers of our criminals to quit our shores.'
Actual:   'Wehavebeenabletotracesomeofthemovementsofthisunknown,andweareconvincedthathiswordshaveinducednumbersofourcriminalstoquitourshores.'
Type: Other error

Error #1089:
Input:    'that's a literal translation.'
Expected: 'That's a literal translation.'
Actual:   'That'saliteraltranslation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1090:
Input:    'in england, old lafleuve means that some coot's been touting for thugs!" he turned over other papers.'
Expected: 'In England, old Lafleuve means that some coot's been touting for thugs!" He turned over other papers.'
Actual:   'Inengland,oldlafleuvemeansthatsomecoot'sbeentoutingforthugs!'' Heturnedoverotherpapers.'
Type: Other error

Error #1091:
Input:    '"much the same from germany.'
Expected: '"Much the same from Germany.'
Actual:   '``muchthesamefromgermany.'
Type: Other error

Error #1092:
Input:    'new york says: "knowing the rarity of violent crime in england, and the efficiency of the police in suppressing such as exists, we beg to suggest that you search for an organisation which contemplates an attack on london which might easily have disastrous consequences by reason of its very unexpectedness.'
Expected: 'New York says: "Knowing the rarity of violent crime in England, and the efficiency of the police in suppressing such as exists, we beg to suggest that you search for an organisation which contemplates an attack on London which might easily have disastrous consequences by reason of its very unexpectedness.'
Actual:   'Newyorksays:``knowingtherarityofviolentcrimeinengland,andtheefficiencyofthepoliceinsuppressingsuchasexists,webegtosuggestthatyousearchforanorganisationwhichcontemplatesanattackonlondonwhichmighteasilyhavedisastrousconsequencesbyreasonofitsveryunexpectedness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1093:
Input:    'our information leads us to suspect the existence of some such organisation, since there is abundant evidence of the persuasive suggestions of some agent, whom we have been unable to trace and identify, and since it is unlikely that men such as those we name on the enclosed list would leave in a body without a definite plan in mind.'
Expected: 'Our information leads us to suspect the existence of some such organisation, since there is abundant evidence of the persuasive suggestions of some agent, whom we have been unable to trace and identify, and since it is unlikely that men such as those we name on the enclosed list would leave in a body without a definite plan in mind.'
Actual:   'Ourinformationleadsustosuspecttheexistenceofsomesuchorganisation,sincethereisabundantevidenceofthepersuasivesuggestionsofsomeagent,whomwehavebeenunabletotraceandidentify,andsinceitisunlikelythatmensuchasthosewenameontheenclosedlistwouldleaveinabodywithoutadefiniteplaninmind.'
Type: Other error

Error #1094:
Input:    'teal, who said respectability was dull?" "i'll put through an all-station call for these men--you've got the descriptions," said teal conventionally.'
Expected: 'Teal, who said respectability was dull?" "I'll put through an all-station call for these men--you've got the descriptions," said Teal conventionally.'
Actual:   'Teal,whosaidrespectabilitywasdull?'' ``i'llputthroughanall-stationcallforthesemen -- you'vegotthedescriptions,''saidtealconventionally.'
Type: Other error

Error #1095:
Input:    'storm lighted a cigarette with a grace which he contrived to make inexpressibly cynical.'
Expected: 'Storm lighted a cigarette with a grace which he contrived to make inexpressibly cynical.'
Actual:   'Stormlightedacigarettewithagracewhichhecontrivedtomakeinexpressiblycynical.'
Type: Other error

Error #1096:
Input:    '"put through all the calls you like," he said languidly.'
Expected: '"Put through all the calls you like," he said languidly.'
Actual:   '``putthroughallthecallsyoulike,''hesaidlanguidly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1097:
Input:    '"i'll bet you ten thousand bucks to half a secondhand limberger you don't get more than six of 'em that way!'
Expected: '"I'll bet you ten thousand bucks to half a secondhand Limberger you don't get more than six of 'em that way!'
Actual:   '``i'llbetyoutenthousandbuckstohalfasecondhandlimbergeryoudon'tgetmorethansixof'emthatway!'
Type: Other error

Error #1098:
Input:    'personally, i'm going to commit two felonies in the course of the next forty-eight hours, and i'll guarantee to find out more about the triangle that way than you will in forty-eight years with the help of the _police news_ and the _weekly list_ and the rest of the bunch, and the whole dogstrung c.'
Expected: 'Personally, I'm going to commit two felonies in the course of the next forty-eight hours, and I'll guarantee to find out more about the Triangle that way than you will in forty-eight years with the help of the _Police News_ and the _Weekly List_ and the rest of the bunch, and the whole dogstrung C.'
Actual:   'Personally,i'mgoingtocommittwofeloniesinthecourseofthenextforty-eighthours,andi'llguaranteetofindoutmoreaboutthetrianglethatwaythanyouwillinforty-eightyearswiththehelpofthe_policenews_andthe_weeklylist_andtherestofthebunch,andthewholedogstrungc.'
Type: Other error

Error #1099:
Input:    'into the bargain!" he cast around for an excuse to ring up susan, and, finding none, called her number and hoped that the lord would provide.'
Expected: 'into the bargain!" He cast around for an excuse to ring up Susan, and, finding none, called her number and hoped that the Lord would provide.'
Actual:   'Intothebargain!'' Hecastaroundforanexcusetoringupsusan,and,findingnone,calledhernumberandhopedthatthelordwouldprovide.'
Type: Other error

Error #1100:
Input:    '"yes, of course i'm all right," he said in answer to her first question, and felt a pleasant tingle at the thought that this should have been her initial interest.'
Expected: '"Yes, of course I'm all right," he said in answer to her first question, and felt a pleasant tingle at the thought that this should have been her initial interest.'
Actual:   '``yes,ofcoursei'mallright,''hesaidinanswertoherfirstquestion,andfeltapleasanttingleatthethoughtthatthisshouldhavebeenherinitialinterest.'
Type: Other error

Error #1101:
Input:    '"one reason i rung up was to find out if you'd decided to accept terry's invitation to stay with them till hannassay's back.'
Expected: '"One reason I rung up was to find out if you'd decided to accept Terry's invitation to stay with them till Hannassay's back.'
Actual:   '``onereasonirungupwastofindoutifyou'ddecidedtoacceptterry'sinvitationtostaywiththemtillhannassay'sback.'
Type: Other error

Error #1102:
Input:    'i wish you would." in the new spirit of selfishness that had come upon him in the past few days, this was an inquiry of minor importance; and yet, having made it, he was seriously concerned about the reply he would receive.'
Expected: 'I wish you would." In the new spirit of selfishness that had come upon him in the past few days, this was an inquiry of minor importance; and yet, having made it, he was seriously concerned about the reply he would receive.'
Actual:   'Iwishyouwould.'' Inthenewspiritofselfishnessthathadcomeuponhiminthepastfewdays,thiswasaninquiryofminorimportance;andyet,havingmadeit,hewasseriouslyconcernedaboutthereplyhewouldreceive.'
Type: Other error

Error #1103:
Input:    '"i have accepted it," she told him, and he was relieved.'
Expected: '"I have accepted it," she told him, and he was relieved.'
Actual:   '``ihaveacceptedit,''shetoldhim,andhewasrelieved.'
Type: Other error

Error #1104:
Input:    '"i'd like you to move in to-day," he said.'
Expected: '"I'd like you to move in to-day," he said.'
Actual:   '``i'dlikeyoutomoveinto-day,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1105:
Input:    '"i'm sorry if that rushes you, but you've got to realise that there is a certain amount of danger, and if you're killed or anything, i shall get it in the neck.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry if that rushes you, but you've got to realise that there is a certain amount of danger, and if you're killed or anything, I shall get it in the neck.'
Actual:   '``i'msorryifthatrushesyou,butyou'vegottorealisethatthereisacertainamountofdanger,andifyou'rekilledoranything,ishallgetitintheneck.'
Type: Other error

Error #1106:
Input:    'i'll give terry a ring, and he'll come round and fix everything for you.'
Expected: 'I'll give Terry a ring, and he'll come round and fix everything for you.'
Actual:   'I'llgiveterryaring,andhe'llcomeroundandfixeverythingforyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1107:
Input:    'he loves work," added storm mendaciously.'
Expected: 'He loves work," added Storm mendaciously.'
Actual:   'Heloveswork,''addedstormmendaciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1108:
Input:    '"i suppose it can be managed," she said, for in spite of his flippancy she recognised his determination, and knew of old the futility of opposing him.'
Expected: '"I suppose it can be managed," she said, for in spite of his flippancy she recognised his determination, and knew of old the futility of opposing him.'
Actual:   '``isupposeitcanbemanaged,''shesaid,forinspiteofhisflippancysherecognisedhisdetermination,andknewofoldthefutilityofopposinghim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1109:
Input:    'also, when storm gave orders he had an uncanny knack of being always right.'
Expected: 'Also, when Storm gave orders he had an uncanny knack of being always right.'
Actual:   'Also,whenstormgaveordershehadanuncannyknackofbeingalwaysright.'
Type: Other error

Error #1110:
Input:    '"do we lunch with uncle joe?" he teased her.'
Expected: '"Do we lunch with Uncle Joe?" he teased her.'
Actual:   '``dowelunchwithunclejoe?'' Heteasedher.'
Type: Other error

Error #1111:
Input:    '"i shall probably lunch with mr.'
Expected: '"I shall probably lunch with Mr.'
Actual:   '``ishallprobablylunchwithMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1112:
Input:    'mannering," she mocked him back.'
Expected: 'Mannering," she mocked him back.'
Actual:   'Mannering,''shemockedhimback.'
Type: Other error

Error #1113:
Input:    '"no, really, i'm sorry you're in such a hurry for me to move.'
Expected: '"No, really, I'm sorry you're in such a hurry for me to move.'
Actual:   '``no,really,i'msorryyou'reinsuchahurryformetomove.'
Type: Other error

Error #1114:
Input:    'i wanted to go to moraine's and see the jewels." "what jewels?" "haven't you seen the papers?" "haven't had time yet, i usually breakfast in pyjamas, if that personal detail interests you.'
Expected: 'I wanted to go to Moraine's and see the jewels." "What jewels?" "Haven't you seen the papers?" "Haven't had time yet, I usually breakfast in pyjamas, if that personal detail interests you.'
Actual:   'Iwantedtogotomoraine'sandseethejewels.'' ``whatjewels?'' ``haven'tyouseenthepapers?'' ``haven'thadtimeyet,iusuallybreakfastinpyjamas,ifthatpersonaldetailinterestsyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1115:
Input:    'getting up so early to go out to breakfast spoilt my interest in the latest horrors other people have been suffering!'
Expected: 'Getting up so early to go out to breakfast spoilt my interest in the latest horrors other people have been suffering!'
Actual:   'Gettingupsoearlytogoouttobreakfastspoiltmyinterestinthelatesthorrorsotherpeoplehavebeensuffering!'
Type: Other error

Error #1116:
Input:    'i'll get hold of terry now--and i'll be round with him.'
Expected: 'I'll get hold of Terry now--and I'll be round with him.'
Actual:   'I'llgetholdofterrynow -- andi'llberoundwithhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1117:
Input:    'that boy wants watching!" he hung up the receiver and took the paper from teal's hand.'
Expected: 'That boy wants watching!" He hung up the receiver and took the paper from Teal's hand.'
Actual:   'Thatboywantswatching!'' Hehungupthereceiverandtookthepaperfromteal'shand.'
Type: Other error

Error #1118:
Input:    'the detective, with a perspicacity which indicated that he had not turned a politely deaf ear to the telephone conversation, had already found the place and folded the sheet so as to display it.'
Expected: 'The detective, with a perspicacity which indicated that he had not turned a politely deaf ear to the telephone conversation, had already found the place and folded the sheet so as to display it.'
Actual:   'Thedetective,withaperspicacitywhichindicatedthathehadnotturnedapolitelydeafeartothetelephoneconversation,hadalreadyfoundtheplaceandfoldedthesheetsoastodisplayit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1119:
Input:    'it was an announcement that the final instalment of the russian crown jewels were to be sold by auction at moraine's on the morrow, and would be on view from ten to four on this particular day, and for one day only.'
Expected: 'It was an announcement that the final instalment of the Russian Crown jewels were to be sold by auction at Moraine's on the morrow, and would be on view from ten to four on this particular day, and for one day only.'
Actual:   'Itwasanannouncementthatthefinalinstalmentoftherussiancrownjewelsweretobesoldbyauctionatmoraine'sonthemorrow,andwouldbeonviewfromtentofouronthisparticularday,andforonedayonly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1120:
Input:    'the regalia had already been broken up, and the stones alone, valued at something like four hundred thousand pounds, would be sold.'
Expected: 'The regalia had already been broken up, and the stones alone, valued at something like four hundred thousand pounds, would be sold.'
Actual:   'Theregaliahadalreadybeenbrokenup,andthestonesalone,valuedatsomethinglikefourhundredthousandpounds,wouldbesold.'
Type: Other error

Error #1121:
Input:    '"that's a lot of money," murmured storm thoughtfully.'
Expected: '"That's a lot of money," murmured Storm thoughtfully.'
Actual:   '``that'salotofmoney,''murmuredstormthoughtfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #1122:
Input:    '"teal, get on the 'phone and find out how many men are watching moraine's." mr.'
Expected: '"Teal, get on the 'phone and find out how many men are watching Moraine's." Mr.'
Actual:   '``teal,getonthe'phoneandfindouthowmanymenarewatchingmoraine's.'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1123:
Input:    'teal obeyed heavily, and in a few moments he had the required information.'
Expected: 'Teal obeyed heavily, and in a few moments he had the required information.'
Actual:   'Tealobeyedheavily,andinafewmomentshehadtherequiredinformation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1124:
Input:    'he cupped one hand over the mouthpiece of the telephone and imparted the facts without interest.'
Expected: 'He cupped one hand over the mouthpiece of the telephone and imparted the facts without interest.'
Actual:   'Hecuppedonehandoverthemouthpieceofthetelephoneandimpartedthefactswithoutinterest.'
Type: Other error

Error #1125:
Input:    '"eight?" repeated storm.'
Expected: '"Eight?" repeated Storm.'
Actual:   '``eight?'' Repeatedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1126:
Input:    '"that's a hell of a lot--i don't think!'
Expected: '"That's a hell of a lot--I don't think!'
Actual:   '``that'sahellofalot -- idon'tthink!'
Type: Other error

Error #1127:
Input:    'tell 'em to turn out the reserves.'
Expected: 'Tell 'em to turn out the reserves.'
Actual:   'Tell'emtoturnoutthereserves.'
Type: Other error

Error #1128:
Input:    'i want fifty men at moraine's in thirty minutes, and they've got to be armed!" chapter vii robbery over arms "the car's in cannon row," said storm, and led the way down the stone stairs.'
Expected: 'I want fifty men at Moraine's in thirty minutes, and they've got to be armed!" CHAPTER VII ROBBERY OVER ARMS "The car's in Cannon Row," said Storm, and led the way down the stone stairs.'
Actual:   'Iwantfiftymenatmoraine'sinthirtyminutes,andthey'vegottobearmed!'' Chapterviirobberyoverarms``thecar'sincannonrow,''saidstorm,andledthewaydownthestonestairs.'
Type: Other error

Error #1129:
Input:    'just before they came into view from the street he stopped in the corridor, fished out his cigarette case, and selected a slender cylinder with elaborate care.'
Expected: 'Just before they came into view from the street he stopped in the corridor, fished out his cigarette case, and selected a slender cylinder with elaborate care.'
Actual:   'Justbeforetheycameintoviewfromthestreethestoppedinthecorridor,fishedouthiscigarettecase,andselectedaslendercylinderwithelaboratecare.'
Type: Other error

Error #1130:
Input:    '"i think i'm considered the most important, teal," he remarked.'
Expected: '"I think I'm considered the most important, Teal," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``ithinki'mconsideredthemostimportant,teal,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1131:
Input:    '"so you'll stand in the doorway while i go down to the car--and you'll shoot first!" mr.'
Expected: '"So you'll stand in the doorway while I go down to the car--and you'll shoot first!" Mr.'
Actual:   '``soyou'llstandinthedoorwaywhileigodowntothecar -- andyou'llshootfirst!'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1132:
Input:    'teal nodded, and storm lighted his cigarette as calmly as though he was about to stroll out of a theatre during the interval.'
Expected: 'Teal nodded, and Storm lighted his cigarette as calmly as though he was about to stroll out of a theatre during the interval.'
Actual:   'Tealnodded,andstormlightedhiscigaretteascalmlyasthoughhewasabouttostrolloutofatheatreduringtheinterval.'
Type: Other error

Error #1133:
Input:    'then, with a gay wave of his hand to the grim detective, he stepped out into the bright sunlight and began to walk towards the hirondel.'
Expected: 'Then, with a gay wave of his hand to the grim detective, he stepped out into the bright sunlight and began to walk towards the Hirondel.'
Actual:   'Then,withagaywaveofhishandtothegrimdetective,hesteppedoutintothebrightsunlightandbegantowalktowardsthehirondel.'
Type: Other error

Error #1134:
Input:    'he fully expected that an attempt would be made on his life, but the manner of it came as a complete surprise.'
Expected: 'He fully expected that an attempt would be made on his life, but the manner of it came as a complete surprise.'
Actual:   'Hefullyexpectedthatanattemptwouldbemadeonhislife,butthemannerofitcameasacompletesurprise.'
Type: Other error

Error #1135:
Input:    'he had covered half the distance when he heard a warning yell from teal, which, even in those circumstances, was unlike that placid gentleman; for inspector teal was accounted the best revolver shot in the force.'
Expected: 'He had covered half the distance when he heard a warning yell from Teal, which, even in those circumstances, was unlike that placid gentleman; for Inspector Teal was accounted the best revolver shot in the Force.'
Actual:   'Hehadcoveredhalfthedistancewhenheheardawarningyellfromteal,which,eveninthosecircumstances,wasunlikethatplacidgentleman;forinspectortealwasaccountedthebestrevolvershotintheforce.'
Type: Other error

Error #1136:
Input:    'an instinct that had lain dormant since 1918 made him fling himself to the ground, and as he did so teal's gun cracked viciously.'
Expected: 'An instinct that had lain dormant since 1918 made him fling himself to the ground, and as he did so Teal's gun cracked viciously.'
Actual:   'Aninstinctthathadlaindormantsince1918madehimflinghimselftotheground,andashedidsoteal'sguncrackedviciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1137:
Input:    'practically on the instant, there came a detonation that surged staggeringly, and clanged with savage force back from the stone walls of the building.'
Expected: 'Practically on the instant, there came a detonation that surged staggeringly, and clanged with savage force back from the stone walls of the building.'
Actual:   'Practicallyontheinstant,therecameadetonationthatsurgedstaggeringly,andclangedwithsavageforcebackfromthestonewallsofthebuilding.'
Type: Other error

Error #1138:
Input:    'deafened and half-stunned, he sensed dimly a chorus of shouts and one shrill scream, and something hummed menacingly over his body.'
Expected: 'Deafened and half-stunned, he sensed dimly a chorus of shouts and one shrill scream, and something hummed menacingly over his body.'
Actual:   'Deafenedandhalf-stunned,hesenseddimlyachorusofshoutsandoneshrillscream,andsomethinghummedmenacinglyoverhisbody.'
Type: Other error

Error #1139:
Input:    'then he stumbled to his feet, mechanically brushing the dust from his clothes.'
Expected: 'Then he stumbled to his feet, mechanically brushing the dust from his clothes.'
Actual:   'Thenhestumbledtohisfeet,mechanicallybrushingthedustfromhisclothes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1140:
Input:    'in the roadway was a thing which, presumably, had once been a man.'
Expected: 'In the roadway was a Thing which, presumably, had once been a man.'
Actual:   'Intheroadwaywasathingwhich,presumably,hadoncebeenaman.'
Type: Other error

Error #1141:
Input:    'inspector teal was coming imperturbably towards him, pocketing his revolver with an air of duty well done.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal was coming imperturbably towards him, pocketing his revolver with an air of duty well done.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealwascomingimperturbablytowardshim,pocketinghisrevolverwithanairofdutywelldone.'
Type: Other error

Error #1142:
Input:    'further from the thing were a couple of moaning figures, around which a crowd was rapidly collecting....'
Expected: 'Further from the Thing were a couple of moaning figures, around which a crowd was rapidly collecting....'
Actual:   'Furtherfromthethingwereacoupleofmoaningfigures,aroundwhichacrowdwasrapidlycollecting....'
Type: Other error

Error #1143:
Input:    '"a mills bomb," said teal unemotionally.'
Expected: '"A Mills bomb," said Teal unemotionally.'
Actual:   '``amillsbomb,''saidtealunemotionally.'
Type: Other error

Error #1144:
Input:    'two men who had been passing at the time were terribly injured, and an elderly lady was leaning against a convenient lamp-post having hysterics.'
Expected: 'Two men who had been passing at the time were terribly injured, and an elderly lady was leaning against a convenient lamp-post having hysterics.'
Actual:   'Twomenwhohadbeenpassingatthetimewereterriblyinjured,andanelderlyladywasleaningagainstaconvenientlamp-posthavinghysterics.'
Type: Other error

Error #1145:
Input:    'storm saw the ambulance arrive and superintended the removal of the wounded men, and then he made an inspection of the car.'
Expected: 'Storm saw the ambulance arrive and superintended the removal of the wounded men, and then he made an inspection of the car.'
Actual:   'Stormsawtheambulancearriveandsuperintendedtheremovalofthewoundedmen,andthenhemadeaninspectionofthecar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1146:
Input:    'it had been between himself and the bursting bomb, and undoubtedly it had saved his life.'
Expected: 'It had been between himself and the bursting bomb, and undoubtedly it had saved his life.'
Actual:   'Ithadbeenbetweenhimselfandtheburstingbomb,andundoubtedlyithadsavedhislife.'
Type: Other error

Error #1147:
Input:    'the coachwork on one side was battered and torn in great gaping holes, but, miraculously, the tires and the engine had escaped.'
Expected: 'The coachwork on one side was battered and torn in great gaping holes, but, miraculously, the tires and the engine had escaped.'
Actual:   'Thecoachworkononesidewasbatteredandtorningreatgapingholes,but,miraculously,thetiresandtheenginehadescaped.'
Type: Other error

Error #1148:
Input:    'he climbed in, lighted a fresh cigarette to replace the one he had lost, and teal followed him.'
Expected: 'He climbed in, lighted a fresh cigarette to replace the one he had lost, and Teal followed him.'
Actual:   'Heclimbedin,lightedafreshcigarettetoreplacetheonehehadlost,andtealfollowedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1149:
Input:    '"like to insure my life, teal?" storm murmured lightly.'
Expected: '"Like to insure my life, Teal?" Storm murmured lightly.'
Actual:   '``liketoinsuremylife,teal?'' Stormmurmuredlightly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1150:
Input:    '"you might make enough to retire on in a few days." "i'll go first next time, sir," said the sporting mr.'
Expected: '"You might make enough to retire on in a few days." "I'll go first next time, sir," said the sporting Mr.'
Actual:   '``youmightmakeenoughtoretireoninafewdays.'' ``i'llgofirstnexttime,sir,''saidthesportingMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1151:
Input:    'teal, and the two men solemnly shook hands.'
Expected: 'Teal, and the two men solemnly shook hands.'
Actual:   'Teal,andthetwomensolemnlyshookhands.'
Type: Other error

Error #1152:
Input:    'storm drove the car to moraine's and affected a sublime indifference to the curious glances which followed the progress of the damaged relic of what had once been a glorious shining hirondel.'
Expected: 'Storm drove the car to Moraine's and affected a sublime indifference to the curious glances which followed the progress of the damaged relic of what had once been a glorious shining Hirondel.'
Actual:   'Stormdrovethecartomoraine'sandaffectedasublimeindifferencetothecuriousglanceswhichfollowedtheprogressofthedamagedrelicofwhathadoncebeenagloriousshininghirondel.'
Type: Other error

Error #1153:
Input:    'all the world knows moraine's, the inconspicuous house where priceless art treasures change hands, and the bidding rises in thousands of pounds.'
Expected: 'All the world knows Moraine's, the inconspicuous house where priceless art treasures change hands, and the bidding rises in thousands of pounds.'
Actual:   'Alltheworldknowsmoraine's,theinconspicuoushousewherepricelessarttreasureschangehands,andthebiddingrisesinthousandsofpounds.'
Type: Other error

Error #1154:
Input:    'to moraine's come the wealthy connoisseurs and their resplendent wives, with a small sprinkling of gaping sightseers, awing themselves with the sight of so much concentrated wealth, and a few optimistic ladies and gentlemen of irregular notions anent the laws of property, whose dream it is that one day they will arrange a coup on the premises.'
Expected: 'To Moraine's come the wealthy connoisseurs and their resplendent wives, with a small sprinkling of gaping sightseers, awing themselves with the sight of so much concentrated wealth, and a few optimistic ladies and gentlemen of irregular notions anent the laws of property, whose dream it is that one day they will arrange a coup on the premises.'
Actual:   'Tomoraine'scomethewealthyconnoisseursandtheirresplendentwives,withasmallsprinklingofgapingsightseers,awingthemselveswiththesightofsomuchconcentratedwealth,andafewoptimisticladiesandgentlemenofirregularnotionsanentthelawsofproperty,whosedreamitisthatonedaytheywillarrangeacouponthepremises.'
Type: Other error

Error #1155:
Input:    'that they do not is due to the foresight of the architect who designed the showroom--a lofty hall of glass and marble, roughly square in shape, and set in the centre of the building, with no windows for the cruder criminals to attempt to smash, too severely furnished for the more nimble to find cover in at closing time, too solidly built for the violent to break into with high explosive.'
Expected: 'That they do not is due to the foresight of the architect who designed the showroom--a lofty hall of glass and marble, roughly square in shape, and set in the centre of the building, with no windows for the cruder criminals to attempt to smash, too severely furnished for the more nimble to find cover in at closing time, too solidly built for the violent to break into with high explosive.'
Actual:   'Thattheydonotisduetotheforesightofthearchitectwhodesignedtheshowroom -- aloftyhallofglassandmarble,roughlysquareinshape,andsetinthecentreofthebuilding,withnowindowsforthecrudercriminalstoattempttosmash,tooseverelyfurnishedforthemorenimbletofindcoverinatclosingtime,toosolidlybuiltfortheviolenttobreakintowithhighexplosive.'
Type: Other error

Error #1156:
Input:    'it is a room of fearful silences, where every whisper rings out like a clarion, and the intruder moves delicately on the unpurchasable crimson carpet that hides most of the tiled floor--for fear of offending the giant flunkeys who stand statuesquely, one on each side of each of the three portals (it would be sacrilege to describe these masterpieces as "doors") in all the glory of their gold and scarlet livery.'
Expected: 'It is a room of fearful silences, where every whisper rings out like a clarion, and the intruder moves delicately on the unpurchasable crimson carpet that hides most of the tiled floor--for fear of offending the giant flunkeys who stand statuesquely, one on each side of each of the three portals (it would be sacrilege to describe these masterpieces as "doors") in all the glory of their gold and scarlet livery.'
Actual:   'Itisaroomoffearfulsilences,whereeverywhisperringsoutlikeaclarion,andtheintrudermovesdelicatelyontheunpurchasablecrimsoncarpetthathidesmostofthetiledfloor -- forfearofoffendingthegiantflunkeyswhostandstatuesquely,oneoneachsideofeachofthethreeportals(itwouldbesacrilegetodescribethesemasterpiecesas``doors'')inallthegloryoftheirgoldandscarletlivery.'
Type: Other error

Error #1157:
Input:    'but storm and teal had small leisure to absorb all this vision of magnificence.'
Expected: 'But Storm and Teal had small leisure to absorb all this vision of magnificence.'
Actual:   'Butstormandtealhadsmallleisuretoabsorballthisvisionofmagnificence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1158:
Input:    'outside they had seen little knots of variously dressed stalwart men standing chatting, men who scarcely spared them a glance; or, if they did, gave no sign of recognition.'
Expected: 'Outside they had seen little knots of variously dressed stalwart men standing chatting, men who scarcely spared them a glance; or, if they did, gave no sign of recognition.'
Actual:   'Outsidetheyhadseenlittleknotsofvariouslydressedstalwartmenstandingchatting,menwhoscarcelysparedthemaglance;or,iftheydid,gavenosignofrecognition.'
Type: Other error

Error #1159:
Input:    'inside, grouped about the doors, were similar men; and yet more moved unostentatiously about the room, peering idly at the glittering gems displayed in the long glass case that ran down the centre of the hall.'
Expected: 'Inside, grouped about the doors, were similar men; and yet more moved unostentatiously about the room, peering idly at the glittering gems displayed in the long glass case that ran down the centre of the hall.'
Actual:   'Inside,groupedaboutthedoors,weresimilarmen;andyetmoremovedunostentatiouslyabouttheroom,peeringidlyattheglitteringgemsdisplayedinthelongglasscasethatrandownthecentreofthehall.'
Type: Other error

Error #1160:
Input:    '"four hundred thousand pounds," said storm.'
Expected: '"Four hundred thousand pounds," said Storm.'
Actual:   '``fourhundredthousandpounds,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1161:
Input:    '"teal, wouldn't you sell your soul for the brains of the triangle!" among the crowd mr.'
Expected: '"Teal, wouldn't you sell your soul for the brains of the Triangle!" Among the crowd Mr.'
Actual:   '``teal,wouldn'tyousellyoursoulforthebrainsofthetriangle!'' AmongthecrowdMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1162:
Input:    'teal caught sight of an old friend, and flowed irresistibly towards him.'
Expected: 'Teal caught sight of an old friend, and flowed irresistibly towards him.'
Actual:   'Tealcaughtsightofanoldfriend,andflowedirresistiblytowardshim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1163:
Input:    'the friend so recognised suddenly remembered an urgent appointment elsewhere, but the vast form of the detective effectively barred his path.'
Expected: 'The friend so recognised suddenly remembered an urgent appointment elsewhere, but the vast form of the detective effectively barred his path.'
Actual:   'Thefriendsorecognisedsuddenlyrememberedanurgentappointmentelsewhere,butthevastformofthedetectiveeffectivelybarredhispath.'
Type: Other error

Error #1164:
Input:    '"hullo, birdie," he drawled.'
Expected: '"Hullo, Birdie," he drawled.'
Actual:   '``hullo,birdie,''hedrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1165:
Input:    '"how's trade?" "you're making a mistake, mr.'
Expected: '"How's trade?" "You're making a mistake, Mr.'
Actual:   '``how'strade?'' ``you'remakingamistake,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1166:
Input:    'teal," said the little man with dignity.'
Expected: 'Teal," said the little man with dignity.'
Actual:   'Teal,''saidthelittlemanwithdignity.'
Type: Other error

Error #1167:
Input:    '"i'm an honest man.'
Expected: '"I'm an honest man.'
Actual:   '``i'manhonestman.'
Type: Other error

Error #1168:
Input:    'them jools"--he jerked a contemptuous thumb in the direction of the showcase--"them jools are beautiful, but my interest is solely that of the connosewer." birdie sands was playing his "gentleman act," a device he adopted automatically when accused of anything.'
Expected: 'Them jools"--he jerked a contemptuous thumb in the direction of the showcase--"them jools are beautiful, but my interest is solely that of the connosewer." Birdie Sands was playing his "gentleman act," a device he adopted automatically when accused of anything.'
Actual:   'Themjools'' -- hejerkedacontemptuousthumbinthedirectionoftheshowcase -- ''themjoolsarebeautiful,butmyinterestissolelythatoftheconnosewer.'' Birdiesandswasplayinghis``gentlemanact,''adeviceheadoptedautomaticallywhenaccusedofanything.'
Type: Other error

Error #1169:
Input:    'teal, however, remained unimpressed.'
Expected: 'Teal, however, remained unimpressed.'
Actual:   'Teal,however,remainedunimpressed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1170:
Input:    '"oh, no, birdie, you naughty, wicked man!" he said genially, "i won't believe you've degenerated that much.'
Expected: '"Oh, no, Birdie, you naughty, wicked man!" he said genially, "I won't believe you've degenerated that much.'
Actual:   '``oh,no,birdie,younaughty,wickedman!'' Hesaidgenially,``iwon'tbelieveyou'vedegeneratedthatmuch.'
Type: Other error

Error #1171:
Input:    'not when you see as much of snooper as you do.'
Expected: 'Not when you see as much of Snooper as you do.'
Actual:   'Notwhenyouseeasmuchofsnooperasyoudo.'
Type: Other error

Error #1172:
Input:    'what does the good book say?'
Expected: 'What does the Good Book say?'
Actual:   'Whatdoesthegoodbooksay?'
Type: Other error

Error #1173:
Input:    ''snooper finds some mischief still for birdie sands to do.' birdie, go home!" "as a lore-abiding citizen an' a man of edjucation," birdie began haughtily--but teal was in no mood for wasting time.'
Expected: ''Snooper finds some mischief still for Birdie Sands to do.' Birdie, go home!" "As a lore-abiding citizen an' a man of edjucation," Birdie began haughtily--but Teal was in no mood for wasting time.'
Actual:   ''snooperfindssomemischiefstillforbirdiesandstodo.' Birdie,gohome!'' ``asalore-abidingcitizenan'amanofedjucation,''birdiebeganhaughtily -- buttealwasinnomoodforwastingtime.'
Type: Other error

Error #1174:
Input:    'he signed to one of the "connosewers" who was loafing near by, and a protesting birdie was taken gently but firmly by the arm and conducted towards the open air.'
Expected: 'He signed to one of the "connosewers" who was loafing near by, and a protesting Birdie was taken gently but firmly by the arm and conducted towards the open air.'
Actual:   'Hesignedtooneofthe``connosewers''whowasloafingnearby,andaprotestingbirdiewastakengentlybutfirmlybythearmandconductedtowardstheopenair.'
Type: Other error

Error #1175:
Input:    'following which teal, with intent to continue his clean-up, looked around him for a fresh victim.'
Expected: 'Following which Teal, with intent to continue his clean-up, looked around him for a fresh victim.'
Actual:   'Followingwhichteal,withintenttocontinuehisclean-up,lookedaroundhimforafreshvictim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1176:
Input:    'he never accomplished his ambition.'
Expected: 'He never accomplished his ambition.'
Actual:   'Heneveraccomplishedhisambition.'
Type: Other error

Error #1177:
Input:    'startlingly loud above the hushed whispering of the crowd a voice rang out in a curt command: "everybody will now stand perfectly still and keep silence!" teal swung round, his hand moving instinctively to his hip.'
Expected: 'Startlingly loud above the hushed whispering of the crowd a voice rang out in a curt command: "Everybody will now stand perfectly still and keep silence!" Teal swung round, his hand moving instinctively to his hip.'
Actual:   'Startlinglyloudabovethehushedwhisperingofthecrowdavoicerangoutinacurtcommand:``everybodywillnowstandperfectlystillandkeepsilence!'' Tealswunground,hishandmovinginstinctivelytohiship.'
Type: Other error

Error #1178:
Input:    'it stayed abruptly, for he saw the means there were for enforcing the order.'
Expected: 'It stayed abruptly, for he saw the means there were for enforcing the order.'
Actual:   'Itstayedabruptly,forhesawthemeanstherewereforenforcingtheorder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1179:
Input:    'at one end of the room stood six men, in line, their right hands held high above their heads.'
Expected: 'At one end of the room stood six men, in line, their right hands held high above their heads.'
Actual:   'Atoneendoftheroomstoodsixmen,inline,theirrighthandsheldhighabovetheirheads.'
Type: Other error

Error #1180:
Input:    'and in every one of those hands was something round and black and shining.'
Expected: 'And in every one of those hands was something round and black and shining.'
Actual:   'Andineveryoneofthosehandswassomethingroundandblackandshining.'
Type: Other error

Error #1181:
Input:    '"shades of mills!" breathed teal.'
Expected: '"Shades of Mills!" breathed Teal.'
Actual:   '``shadesofmills!'' Breathedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1182:
Input:    'the leader spoke again: "these are mills bombs.'
Expected: 'The leader spoke again: "These are Mills bombs.'
Actual:   'Theleaderspokeagain:``thesearemillsbombs.'
Type: Other error

Error #1183:
Input:    'the pins are out, and at the first sign of resistance they will be thrown.'
Expected: 'The pins are out, and at the first sign of resistance they will be thrown.'
Actual:   'Thepinsareout,andatthefirstsignofresistancetheywillbethrown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1184:
Input:    'also, if any one of us is shot, his bomb will, of course, explode when he falls.'
Expected: 'Also, if any one of us is shot, his bomb will, of course, explode when he falls.'
Actual:   'Also,ifanyoneofusisshot,hisbombwill,ofcourse,explodewhenhefalls.'
Type: Other error

Error #1185:
Input:    'please be sensible.'
Expected: 'Please be sensible.'
Actual:   'Pleasebesensible.'
Type: Other error

Error #1186:
Input:    'we do not wish to shed blood unnecessarily." the detectives, uncertain, looked to storm for their cue.'
Expected: 'We do not wish to shed blood unnecessarily." The detectives, uncertain, looked to Storm for their cue.'
Actual:   'Wedonotwishtoshedbloodunnecessarily.'' Thedetectives,uncertain,lookedtostormfortheircue.'
Type: Other error

Error #1187:
Input:    'he only hesitated for a second, and then he gave them their instructions in a clear voice.'
Expected: 'He only hesitated for a second, and then he gave them their instructions in a clear voice.'
Actual:   'Heonlyhesitatedforasecond,andthenhegavethemtheirinstructionsinaclearvoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1188:
Input:    '"you will all obey that order.'
Expected: '"You will all obey that order.'
Actual:   '``youwillallobeythatorder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1189:
Input:    'carry on, gat!" three of the men handed their bombs to their companions and moved towards the glass cases.'
Expected: 'Carry on, Gat!" Three of the men handed their bombs to their companions and moved towards the glass cases.'
Actual:   'Carryon,gat!'' Threeofthemenhandedtheirbombstotheircompanionsandmovedtowardstheglasscases.'
Type: Other error

Error #1190:
Input:    'the other three, now holding a bomb in each hand, stood motionless.'
Expected: 'The other three, now holding a bomb in each hand, stood motionless.'
Actual:   'Theotherthree,nowholdingabombineachhand,stoodmotionless.'
Type: Other error

Error #1191:
Input:    '"everybody will now move down to the far end of the room," said gat morini.'
Expected: '"Everybody will now move down to the far end of the room," said Gat Morini.'
Actual:   '``everybodywillnowmovedowntothefarendoftheroom,''saidgatmorini.'
Type: Other error

Error #1192:
Input:    '"the officers of the law, except mr.'
Expected: '"The officers of the law, except Mr.'
Actual:   '``theofficersofthelaw,exceptMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1193:
Input:    'teal and captain arden, will be at the back of the crowd.'
Expected: 'Teal and Captain Arden, will be at the back of the crowd.'
Actual:   'Tealandcaptainarden,willbeatthebackofthecrowd.'
Type: Other error

Error #1194:
Input:    'if a bomb has to be thrown, i should dislike having to hurt any policemen or any of my assistants." storm, standing well to the front, was coolly lighting a cigarette.'
Expected: 'If a bomb has to be thrown, I should dislike having to hurt any policemen or any of my assistants." Storm, standing well to the front, was coolly lighting a cigarette.'
Actual:   'Ifabombhastobethrown,ishoulddislikehavingtohurtanypolicemenoranyofmyassistants.'' Storm,standingwelltothefront,wascoollylightingacigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #1195:
Input:    'that amazing young man was smiling, and the hand that held the match was coldly steady as an iceberg.'
Expected: 'That amazing young man was smiling, and the hand that held the match was coldly steady as an iceberg.'
Actual:   'Thatamazingyoungmanwassmiling,andthehandthatheldthematchwascoldlysteadyasaniceberg.'
Type: Other error

Error #1196:
Input:    'he looked at teal, and found that the detective was flushed and shaking with rage.'
Expected: 'He looked at Teal, and found that the detective was flushed and shaking with rage.'
Actual:   'Helookedatteal,andfoundthatthedetectivewasflushedandshakingwithrage.'
Type: Other error

Error #1197:
Input:    'teal's vanity was an unsuspected tender spot, and there was no doubt that the barefaced effrontery of the gang in so holding up a squad of detectives was likely to strike him with apoplexy.'
Expected: 'Teal's vanity was an unsuspected tender spot, and there was no doubt that the barefaced effrontery of the gang in so holding up a squad of detectives was likely to strike him with apoplexy.'
Actual:   'Teal'svanitywasanunsuspectedtenderspot,andtherewasnodoubtthatthebarefacedeffronteryoftheganginsoholdingupasquadofdetectiveswaslikelytostrikehimwithapoplexy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1198:
Input:    '"can't anything be done, sir?" he pleaded unsteadily.'
Expected: '"Can't anything be done, sir?" he pleaded unsteadily.'
Actual:   '``can'tanythingbedone,sir?'' Hepleadedunsteadily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1199:
Input:    '"there's about thirty armed men behind us, and we're helpless!" "and there's about sixty civilians, male and female," storm told him, "who'll get where the bottle got the cork if we start any funny stuff and bombs go flying about!'
Expected: '"There's about thirty armed men behind us, and we're helpless!" "And there's about sixty civilians, male and female," Storm told him, "who'll get where the bottle got the cork if we start any funny stuff and bombs go flying about!'
Actual:   '``there'saboutthirtyarmedmenbehindus,andwe'rehelpless!'' ``andthere'saboutsixtycivilians,maleandfemale,''stormtoldhim,``who'llgetwherethebottlegotthecorkifwestartanyfunnystuffandbombsgoflyingabout!'
Type: Other error

Error #1200:
Input:    'and they will throw 'em--you can invest your hosiery in that!" teal shook his head despondently.'
Expected: 'And they will throw 'em--you can invest your hosiery in that!" Teal shook his head despondently.'
Actual:   'Andtheywillthrow'em -- youcaninvestyourhosieryinthat!'' Tealshookhisheaddespondently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1201:
Input:    '"this'll be the end of both of us," he said.'
Expected: '"This'll be the end of both of us," he said.'
Actual:   '``this'llbetheendofbothofus,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1202:
Input:    '"what in hell's happened to those dear friends outside?" he did not say "dear friends." storm shrugged.'
Expected: '"What in hell's happened to those dear friends outside?" He did not say "dear friends." Storm shrugged.'
Actual:   '``whatinhell'shappenedtothosedearfriendsoutside?'' Hedidnotsay``dearfriends.'' Stormshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #1203:
Input:    'a bag had been produced, and the three men in the centre of the room were gathering up the jewels and packing them quickly and carefully away.'
Expected: 'A bag had been produced, and the three men in the centre of the room were gathering up the jewels and packing them quickly and carefully away.'
Actual:   'Abaghadbeenproduced,andthethreemeninthecentreoftheroomweregatheringupthejewelsandpackingthemquicklyandcarefullyaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1204:
Input:    'one by one they emptied the cases, and the bag grew heavy and bulging.'
Expected: 'One by one they emptied the cases, and the bag grew heavy and bulging.'
Actual:   'Onebyonetheyemptiedthecases,andthebaggrewheavyandbulging.'
Type: Other error

Error #1205:
Input:    'they were working on the last case when an interruption occurred.'
Expected: 'They were working on the last case when an interruption occurred.'
Actual:   'Theywereworkingonthelastcasewhenaninterruptionoccurred.'
Type: Other error

Error #1206:
Input:    'one of the guards from the street came to the entrance.'
Expected: 'One of the guards from the street came to the entrance.'
Actual:   'Oneoftheguardsfromthestreetcametotheentrance.'
Type: Other error

Error #1207:
Input:    'the whole thing was perfectly planned.'
Expected: 'The whole thing was perfectly planned.'
Actual:   'Thewholethingwasperfectlyplanned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1208:
Input:    'the three unarmed men hardly looked up from their task.'
Expected: 'The three unarmed men hardly looked up from their task.'
Actual:   'Thethreeunarmedmenhardlylookedupfromtheirtask.'
Type: Other error

Error #1209:
Input:    'one of those who held bombs turned with one arm threateningly drawn back as the detective, swiftly comprehending the scene, made a swift movement of his right hand.'
Expected: 'One of those who held bombs turned with one arm threateningly drawn back as the detective, swiftly comprehending the scene, made a swift movement of his right hand.'
Actual:   'Oneofthosewhoheldbombsturnedwithonearmthreateninglydrawnbackasthedetective,swiftlycomprehendingthescene,madeaswiftmovementofhisrighthand.'
Type: Other error

Error #1210:
Input:    'the other two continued to menace the crowd huddled together at the far end of the room.'
Expected: 'The other two continued to menace the crowd huddled together at the far end of the room.'
Actual:   'Theothertwocontinuedtomenacethecrowdhuddledtogetheratthefarendoftheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1211:
Input:    '"don't shoot!" rapped storm, and the man's hand fell to his side.'
Expected: '"Don't shoot!" rapped Storm, and the man's hand fell to his side.'
Actual:   '``don'tshoot!'' Rappedstorm,andtheman'shandfelltohisside.'
Type: Other error

Error #1212:
Input:    'he was passed back to his comrades behind the crowd of frightened men and women, and the despoiling of the last case went on without a break.'
Expected: 'He was passed back to his comrades behind the crowd of frightened men and women, and the despoiling of the last case went on without a break.'
Actual:   'Hewaspassedbacktohiscomradesbehindthecrowdoffrightenedmenandwomen,andthedespoilingofthelastcasewentonwithoutabreak.'
Type: Other error

Error #1213:
Input:    'the triangle had allowed for all contingencies, and every counter-move had been designed and rehearsed to perfection, so that the complete performance should move as cleanly and slickly as an exhibition by a perfectly trained _corps de ballet_.'
Expected: 'The Triangle had allowed for all contingencies, and every counter-move had been designed and rehearsed to perfection, so that the complete performance should move as cleanly and slickly as an exhibition by a perfectly trained _corps de ballet_.'
Actual:   'Thetrianglehadallowedforallcontingencies,andeverycounter-movehadbeendesignedandrehearsedtoperfection,sothatthecompleteperformanceshouldmoveascleanlyandslicklyasanexhibitionbyaperfectlytrained_corpsdeballet_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1214:
Input:    'it was all carried out with incredible speed and efficiency.'
Expected: 'It was all carried out with incredible speed and efficiency.'
Actual:   'Itwasallcarriedoutwithincrediblespeedandefficiency.'
Type: Other error

Error #1215:
Input:    'barely five minutes elapsed between the first intimation of the attack and the collection of every gem in the place in the bag the three operatives carried.'
Expected: 'Barely five minutes elapsed between the first intimation of the attack and the collection of every gem in the place in the bag the three operatives carried.'
Actual:   'Barelyfiveminuteselapsedbetweenthefirstintimationoftheattackandthecollectionofeverygemintheplaceinthebagthethreeoperativescarried.'
Type: Other error

Error #1216:
Input:    'in the forefront of the crowd a keen-faced young man was writing swiftly in a notebook.'
Expected: 'In the forefront of the crowd a keen-faced young man was writing swiftly in a notebook.'
Actual:   'Intheforefrontofthecrowdakeen-facedyoungmanwaswritingswiftlyinanotebook.'
Type: Other error

Error #1217:
Input:    'his astounding unconcern stamped him immediately as a member of the only profession which would be detachedly interested in the end of the world.'
Expected: 'His astounding unconcern stamped him immediately as a member of the only profession which would be detachedly interested in the end of the world.'
Actual:   'Hisastoundingunconcernstampedhimimmediatelyasamemberoftheonlyprofessionwhichwouldbedetachedlyinterestedintheendoftheworld.'
Type: Other error

Error #1218:
Input:    'snooper brome replaced the pins in the bombs he held, and one of his assistants did the same.'
Expected: 'Snooper Brome replaced the pins in the bombs he held, and one of his assistants did the same.'
Actual:   'Snooperbromereplacedthepinsinthebombsheheld,andoneofhisassistantsdidthesame.'
Type: Other error

Error #1219:
Input:    'the third man still held up his hands with their load of concentrated death.'
Expected: 'The third man still held up his hands with their load of concentrated death.'
Actual:   'Thethirdmanstillhelduphishandswiththeirloadofconcentrateddeath.'
Type: Other error

Error #1220:
Input:    'the three who had rifled the cases left first, strolling out one by one and conversing casually of what they had seen.'
Expected: 'The three who had rifled the cases left first, strolling out one by one and conversing casually of what they had seen.'
Actual:   'Thethreewhohadrifledthecasesleftfirst,strollingoutonebyoneandconversingcasuallyofwhattheyhadseen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1221:
Input:    'morini, carrying the bag, paused to deliver a mocking farewell.'
Expected: 'Morini, carrying the bag, paused to deliver a mocking farewell.'
Actual:   'Morini,carryingthebag,pausedtodeliveramockingfarewell.'
Type: Other error

Error #1222:
Input:    '"we shall meet again, captain arden," he said.'
Expected: '"We shall meet again, Captain Arden," he said.'
Actual:   '``weshallmeetagain,captainarden,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1223:
Input:    '"in the old bailey," brisked storm cheerfully.'
Expected: '"In the Old Bailey," brisked Storm cheerfully.'
Actual:   '``intheoldbailey,''briskedstormcheerfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #1224:
Input:    '"so long, gat." he had no fear of being attacked then, for obviously the gang would be unwilling to alarm the people outside if it could be avoided.'
Expected: '"So long, Gat." He had no fear of being attacked then, for obviously the gang would be unwilling to alarm the people outside if it could be avoided.'
Actual:   '``solong,gat.'' Hehadnofearofbeingattackedthen,forobviouslythegangwouldbeunwillingtoalarmthepeopleoutsideifitcouldbeavoided.'
Type: Other error

Error #1225:
Input:    'the whole thing was staked on the handicap of the crowd of people who would be involved in the fight if the police made a move.'
Expected: 'The whole thing was staked on the handicap of the crowd of people who would be involved in the fight if the police made a move.'
Actual:   'Thewholethingwasstakedonthehandicapofthecrowdofpeoplewhowouldbeinvolvedinthefightifthepolicemadeamove.'
Type: Other error

Error #1226:
Input:    'it was the most consummately daring bluff in the history of crime, and, granted police officers who felt responsibility for the safety of the general public, it was a bluff that could not be called....'
Expected: 'It was the most consummately daring bluff in the history of crime, and, granted police officers who felt responsibility for the safety of the general public, it was a bluff that could not be called....'
Actual:   'Itwasthemostconsummatelydaringbluffinthehistoryofcrime,and,grantedpoliceofficerswhofeltresponsibilityforthesafetyofthegeneralpublic,itwasabluffthatcouldnotbecalled....'
Type: Other error

Error #1227:
Input:    'now only the last man was left, and he stood like a graven image while the hands of the big clock on the wall over his head moved slowly.'
Expected: 'Now only the last man was left, and he stood like a graven image while the hands of the big clock on the wall over his head moved slowly.'
Actual:   'Nowonlythelastmanwasleft,andhestoodlikeagravenimagewhilethehandsofthebigclockonthewalloverhisheadmovedslowly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1228:
Input:    'a silence had fallen on the crowd, and the only sound was the restless movements of their feet.'
Expected: 'A silence had fallen on the crowd, and the only sound was the restless movements of their feet.'
Actual:   'Asilencehadfallenonthecrowd,andtheonlysoundwastherestlessmovementsoftheirfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1229:
Input:    'the reporter was still writing dispassionately.'
Expected: 'The reporter was still writing dispassionately.'
Actual:   'Thereporterwasstillwritingdispassionately.'
Type: Other error

Error #1230:
Input:    'and then, without the quiver of a nerve, storm performed an act of reckless heroism that drew a great gasp from the crowd.'
Expected: 'And then, without the quiver of a nerve, Storm performed an act of reckless heroism that drew a great gasp from the crowd.'
Actual:   'Andthen,withoutthequiverofanerve,stormperformedanactofrecklessheroismthatdrewagreatgaspfromthecrowd.'
Type: Other error

Error #1231:
Input:    'he threw away the butt of his cigarette, and reached boredly to his pocket.'
Expected: 'He threw away the butt of his cigarette, and reached boredly to his pocket.'
Actual:   'Hethrewawaythebuttofhiscigarette,andreachedboredlytohispocket.'
Type: Other error

Error #1232:
Input:    'those who were near him saw something hard and blue-black leap out with his hand....'
Expected: 'Those who were near him saw something hard and blue-black leap out with his hand....'
Actual:   'Thosewhowerenearhimsawsomethinghardandblue-blackleapoutwithhishand....'
Type: Other error

Error #1233:
Input:    'he fired, and as he fired he hurled himself forward, the man with the bombs sagged and crumpled with a little choking cry.'
Expected: 'He fired, and as he fired he hurled himself forward, The man with the bombs sagged and crumpled with a little choking cry.'
Actual:   'Hefired,andashefiredhehurledhimselfforward,themanwiththebombssaggedandcrumpledwithalittlechokingcry.'
Type: Other error

Error #1234:
Input:    'storm was upon him even before he fell, had wrenched the bombs from the spastic clutch of the dead hands, and was racing towards the door.'
Expected: 'Storm was upon him even before he fell, had wrenched the bombs from the spastic clutch of the dead hands, and was racing towards the door.'
Actual:   'Stormwasuponhimevenbeforehefell,hadwrenchedthebombsfromthespasticclutchofthedeadhands,andwasracingtowardsthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #1235:
Input:    'beyond that door was a long marble corridor which led to the vaults wherein the treasures offered for sale at moraine's were stored at night.'
Expected: 'Beyond that door was a long marble corridor which led to the vaults wherein the treasures offered for sale at Moraine's were stored at night.'
Actual:   'Beyondthatdoorwasalongmarblecorridorwhichledtothevaultswhereinthetreasuresofferedforsaleatmoraine'swerestoredatnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1236:
Input:    'with a grunt he flung the two bombs far from him and jerked himself back into the room.'
Expected: 'With a grunt he flung the two bombs far from him and jerked himself back into the room.'
Actual:   'Withagruntheflungthetwobombsfarfromhimandjerkedhimselfbackintotheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1237:
Input:    'they detonated in mid-air, and he was only just in time to avoid the fragments of metal that came whizzing back on the earth-shaking reverberation.'
Expected: 'They detonated in mid-air, and he was only just in time to avoid the fragments of metal that came whizzing back on the earth-shaking reverberation.'
Actual:   'Theydetonatedinmid-air,andhewasonlyjustintimetoavoidthefragmentsofmetalthatcamewhizzingbackontheearth-shakingreverberation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1238:
Input:    'the tense effort left him gasping weakly, and the screams of panicking men and women came to him through a red haze.'
Expected: 'The tense effort left him gasping weakly, and the screams of panicking men and women came to him through a red haze.'
Actual:   'Thetenseeffortlefthimgaspingweakly,andthescreamsofpanickingmenandwomencametohimthrougharedhaze.'
Type: Other error

Error #1239:
Input:    'but it was only for a moment.'
Expected: 'But it was only for a moment.'
Actual:   'Butitwasonlyforamoment.'
Type: Other error

Error #1240:
Input:    '"attaboy!" his cheery voice rose above the pandemonium.'
Expected: '"Attaboy!" His cheery voice rose above the pandemonium.'
Actual:   '``attaboy!'' Hischeeryvoiceroseabovethepandemonium.'
Type: Other error

Error #1241:
Input:    '"three shies a penny--_after 'em, you hounds of hell!_" the detectives, led by teal, poured out of the other door which led to the street, and were met by the inrush of the outside guards who had heard the explosion.'
Expected: '"Three shies a penny--_after 'em, you hounds of Hell!_" The detectives, led by Teal, poured out of the other door which led to the street, and were met by the inrush of the outside guards who had heard the explosion.'
Actual:   '``threeshiesapenny -- _after'em,youhoundsofhell!_''thedetectives,ledbyteal,pouredoutoftheotherdoorwhichledtothestreet,andweremetbytheinrushoftheoutsideguardswhohadheardtheexplosion.'
Type: Other error

Error #1242:
Input:    'storm watched them go, and then went towards the fighting, stampeding mass of people who were striving to follow them.'
Expected: 'Storm watched them go, and then went towards the fighting, stampeding mass of people who were striving to follow them.'
Actual:   'Stormwatchedthemgo,andthenwenttowardsthefighting,stampedingmassofpeoplewhowerestrivingtofollowthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1243:
Input:    'at a glance he saw that the flying splinters of the bombs had done no physical damage, and he let his parade-ground voice go like a whip crack.'
Expected: 'At a glance he saw that the flying splinters of the bombs had done no physical damage, and he let his parade-ground voice go like a whip crack.'
Actual:   'Ataglancehesawthattheflyingsplintersofthebombshaddonenophysicaldamage,andhelethisparade-groundvoicegolikeawhipcrack.'
Type: Other error

Error #1244:
Input:    'he cursed and insulted them into silence, and barked them back into the room.'
Expected: 'He cursed and insulted them into silence, and barked them back into the room.'
Actual:   'Hecursedandinsultedthemintosilence,andbarkedthembackintotheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1245:
Input:    '"you poor henripped sheep!" he snapped when he had cowed them into some sort of order.'
Expected: '"You poor henripped sheep!" he snapped when he had cowed them into some sort of order.'
Actual:   '``youpoorhenrippedsheep!'' Hesnappedwhenhehadcowedthemintosomesortoforder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1246:
Input:    '"there'll be no more fireworks.'
Expected: '"There'll be no more fireworks.'
Actual:   '``there'llbenomorefireworks.'
Type: Other error

Error #1247:
Input:    'form single rank, all ladies to the right, and go out quietly--not like a lot of milling white rabbits!" he marched them out like a string of beaten dogs.'
Expected: 'Form single rank, all ladies to the right, and go out quietly--not like a lot of milling white rabbits!" He marched them out like a string of beaten dogs.'
Actual:   'Formsinglerank,allladiestotheright,andgooutquietly -- notlikealotofmillingwhiterabbits!'' Hemarchedthemoutlikeastringofbeatendogs.'
Type: Other error

Error #1248:
Input:    'only one protested at this assumption of command, and he was a man whom storm had marked down in the stampede--a gross, expensively dressed bounder, white and shaking with terror, who had striven to claw his way to safety through a mob of frightened women.'
Expected: 'Only one protested at this assumption of command, and he was a man whom Storm had marked down in the stampede--a gross, expensively dressed bounder, white and shaking with terror, who had striven to claw his way to safety through a mob of frightened women.'
Actual:   'Onlyoneprotestedatthisassumptionofcommand,andhewasamanwhomstormhadmarkeddowninthestampede -- agross,expensivelydressedbounder,whiteandshakingwithterror,whohadstriventoclawhiswaytosafetythroughamoboffrightenedwomen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1249:
Input:    '"i'll have the coat off your back, sir!" he fumed, his voice shrill with the reaction from fear.'
Expected: '"I'll have the coat off your back, sir!" he fumed, his voice shrill with the reaction from fear.'
Actual:   '``i'llhavethecoatoffyourback,sir!'' Hefumed,hisvoiceshrillwiththereactionfromfear.'
Type: Other error

Error #1250:
Input:    '"you--you--you insolent young puppy, swearing at us as if we were the scum of the earth!'
Expected: '"You--you--you insolent young puppy, swearing at us as if we were the scum of the earth!'
Actual:   '``you -- you -- youinsolentyoungpuppy,swearingatusasifwewerethescumoftheearth!'
Type: Other error

Error #1251:
Input:    'i'll report you to your chief!'
Expected: 'I'll report you to your chief!'
Actual:   'I'llreportyoutoyourchief!'
Type: Other error

Error #1252:
Input:    'i'll have you kicked out of the force!'
Expected: 'I'll have you kicked out of the Force!'
Actual:   'I'llhaveyoukickedoutoftheforce!'
Type: Other error

Error #1253:
Input:    'you're a disgrace to the police, sir--a disgrace!'
Expected: 'You're a disgrace to the police, sir--a disgrace!'
Actual:   'You'readisgracetothepolice,sir -- adisgrace!'
Type: Other error

Error #1254:
Input:    'you--you endanger our lives, and then you have the--the impertinence--the impertinence--i demand to know your name, sir!'
Expected: 'You--you endanger our lives, and then you have the--the impertinence--the impertinence--I demand to know your name, sir!'
Actual:   'You -- youendangerourlives,andthenyouhavethe -- theimpertinence -- theimpertinence -- idemandtoknowyourname,sir!'
Type: Other error

Error #1255:
Input:    'i shall go straight to scotland yard!" "i am captain arden," said storm coldly, and his lip curled.'
Expected: 'I shall go straight to Scotland Yard!" "I am Captain Arden," said Storm coldly, and his lip curled.'
Actual:   'Ishallgostraighttoscotlandyard!'' ``iamcaptainarden,''saidstormcoldly,andhislipcurled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1256:
Input:    '"ask for mr.'
Expected: '"Ask for Mr.'
Actual:   '``askforMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1257:
Input:    'kennedy, who is my chief.'
Expected: 'Kennedy, who is my chief.'
Actual:   'Kennedy,whoismychief.'
Type: Other error

Error #1258:
Input:    'and put a cushion in the seat of your trousers before you go, because he will quite certainly kick you down the stairs." "i'll write to the papers about this outrage!" stormed the man.'
Expected: 'And put a cushion in the seat of your trousers before you go, because he will quite certainly kick you down the stairs." "I'll write to the papers about this outrage!" stormed the man.'
Actual:   'Andputacushionintheseatofyourtrousersbeforeyougo,becausehewillquitecertainlykickyoudownthestairs.'' ``i'llwritetothepapersaboutthisoutrage!'' Stormedtheman.'
Type: Other error

Error #1259:
Input:    '"i'll have you pilloried in the press!'
Expected: '"I'll have you pilloried in the Press!'
Actual:   '``i'llhaveyoupilloriedinthepress!'
Type: Other error

Error #1260:
Input:    'i'll--i'll----" "i'll tie you in three knots and push you under an omnibus if you aren't outside in five seconds," said storm quietly, and there was such concentrated scorn in his voice that the man shrank away as though he expected a blow.'
Expected: 'I'll--I'll----" "I'll tie you in three knots and push you under an omnibus if you aren't outside in five seconds," said Storm quietly, and there was such concentrated scorn in his voice that the man shrank away as though he expected a blow.'
Actual:   'I'll -- i'll --  -- ''``i'lltieyouinthreeknotsandpushyouunderanomnibusifyouaren'toutsideinfiveseconds,''saidstormquietly,andtherewassuchconcentratedscorninhisvoicethatthemanshrankawayasthoughheexpectedablow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1261:
Input:    'storm was boiling with suppressed rage beneath his calm exterior, for the events of the past minutes had frayed his nerves more than he would ever have admitted.'
Expected: 'Storm was boiling with suppressed rage beneath his calm exterior, for the events of the past minutes had frayed his nerves more than he would ever have admitted.'
Actual:   'Stormwasboilingwithsuppressedragebeneathhiscalmexterior,fortheeventsofthepastminuteshadfrayedhisnervesmorethanhewouldeverhaveadmitted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1262:
Input:    'the reporter had watched the scramble with half-closed, amused eyes, and had gracefully taken his place at the end of the queue when peace was restored.'
Expected: 'The reporter had watched the scramble with half-closed, amused eyes, and had gracefully taken his place at the end of the queue when peace was restored.'
Actual:   'Thereporterhadwatchedthescramblewithhalf-closed,amusedeyes,andhadgracefullytakenhisplaceattheendofthequeuewhenpeacewasrestored.'
Type: Other error

Error #1263:
Input:    'he was the last to leave, and he held out his hand as he came to the door.'
Expected: 'He was the last to leave, and he held out his hand as he came to the door.'
Actual:   'Hewasthelasttoleave,andheheldouthishandashecametothedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #1264:
Input:    '"i won't ask for an interview," he said, "because i don't want my head bitten off before i've written up this scoop.'
Expected: '"I won't ask for an interview," he said, "because I don't want my head bitten off before I've written up this scoop.'
Actual:   '``iwon'taskforaninterview,''hesaid,``becauseidon'twantmyheadbittenoffbeforei'vewrittenupthisscoop.'
Type: Other error

Error #1265:
Input:    'here's my card.'
Expected: 'Here's my card.'
Actual:   'Here'smycard.'
Type: Other error

Error #1266:
Input:    'i'll see you through if that cow in trousers makes a fuss." storm's acid stare dissolved into a smile in response to the youngster's grin, and he shook hands heartily.'
Expected: 'I'll see you through if that cow in trousers makes a fuss." Storm's acid stare dissolved into a smile in response to the youngster's grin, and he shook hands heartily.'
Actual:   'I'llseeyouthroughifthatcowintrousersmakesafuss.'' Storm'sacidstaredissolvedintoasmileinresponsetotheyoungster'sgrin,andheshookhandsheartily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1267:
Input:    'they went out into the street together, and shouldered their way through the mass of excited people who had assembled.'
Expected: 'They went out into the street together, and shouldered their way through the mass of excited people who had assembled.'
Actual:   'Theywentoutintothestreettogether,andshoulderedtheirwaythroughthemassofexcitedpeoplewhohadassembled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1268:
Input:    'a uniformed man answered storm's query.'
Expected: 'A uniformed man answered Storm's query.'
Actual:   'Auniformedmanansweredstorm'squery.'
Type: Other error

Error #1269:
Input:    '"your men are after them, sir, but i don't think they've much chance.'
Expected: '"Your men are after them, sir, but I don't think they've much chance.'
Actual:   '``yourmenareafterthem,sir,butidon'tthinkthey'vemuchchance.'
Type: Other error

Error #1270:
Input:    'i saw them all go, and they looked too innocent to be wrong; besides, there'd been no alarm." storm started up the hirondel and the journalist, without invitation, joined him.'
Expected: 'I saw them all go, and they looked too innocent to be wrong; besides, there'd been no alarm." Storm started up the Hirondel and the journalist, without invitation, joined him.'
Actual:   'Isawthemallgo,andtheylookedtooinnocenttobewrong;besides,there'dbeennoalarm.'' Stormstartedupthehirondelandthejournalist,withoutinvitation,joinedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1271:
Input:    'storm drove him back to fleet street and returned to scotland yard.'
Expected: 'Storm drove him back to Fleet Street and returned to Scotland Yard.'
Actual:   'Stormdrovehimbacktofleetstreetandreturnedtoscotlandyard.'
Type: Other error

Error #1272:
Input:    'he was feeling annoyed, for he had risked everything to allow the detectives to give chase with the least possible delay, and yet he knew the futility of attempting to allow even two minutes' start in london to a fast car whose number was unknown; and he did not doubt for one moment that the gang had provided themselves with every possible means of ensuring a good getaway.'
Expected: 'He was feeling annoyed, for he had risked everything to allow the detectives to give chase with the least possible delay, and yet he knew the futility of attempting to allow even two minutes' start in London to a fast car whose number was unknown; and he did not doubt for one moment that the gang had provided themselves with every possible means of ensuring a good getaway.'
Actual:   'Hewasfeelingannoyed,forhehadriskedeverythingtoallowthedetectivestogivechasewiththeleastpossibledelay,andyetheknewthefutilityofattemptingtoalloweventwominutes'startinlondontoafastcarwhosenumberwasunknown;andhedidnotdoubtforonemomentthattheganghadprovidedthemselveswitheverypossiblemeansofensuringagoodgetaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1273:
Input:    'newsboys were rushing about with sensational posters in their hands, yelling indistinguishable captions, but he hardly noticed them.'
Expected: 'Newsboys were rushing about with sensational posters in their hands, yelling indistinguishable captions, but he hardly noticed them.'
Actual:   'Newsboyswererushingaboutwithsensationalpostersintheirhands,yellingindistinguishablecaptions,buthehardlynoticedthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1274:
Input:    'he had occasion to remember them, however, when he reached his room, for a letter was awaiting him and it was marked urgent.'
Expected: 'He had occasion to remember them, however, when he reached his room, for a letter was awaiting him and it was marked URGENT.'
Actual:   'Hehadoccasiontorememberthem,however,whenhereachedhisroom,foraletterwasawaitinghimanditwasmarkedurgent.'
Type: Other error

Error #1275:
Input:    'he tore it open, and found a sheet of thin foolscap covered with neat writing.'
Expected: 'He tore it open, and found a sheet of thin foolscap covered with neat writing.'
Actual:   'Hetoreitopen,andfoundasheetofthinfoolscapcoveredwithneatwriting.'
Type: Other error

Error #1276:
Input:    'at the head of it was drawn the symbol of the alpha triangle, and just below this was a note: a copy of this manifesto has been sent to all the london newspapers, and all news agencies.'
Expected: 'At the head of it was drawn the symbol of the Alpha Triangle, and just below this was a note: A copy of this Manifesto has been sent to all the London newspapers, and all News Agencies.'
Actual:   'Attheheadofitwasdrawnthesymbolofthealphatriangle,andjustbelowthiswasanote:acopyofthismanifestohasbeensenttoallthelondonnewspapers,andallnewsagencies.'
Type: Other error

Error #1277:
Input:    'then came the lines of writing headed in a way that was more audacious than any criminal proclamation--of which a few are issued from time to time, but of which nobody takes any notice--he had ever read.'
Expected: 'Then came the lines of writing headed in a way that was more audacious than any criminal proclamation--of which a few are issued from time to time, but of which nobody takes any notice--he had ever read.'
Actual:   'Thencamethelinesofwritingheadedinawaythatwasmoreaudaciousthananycriminalproclamation -- ofwhichafewareissuedfromtimetotime,butofwhichnobodytakesanynotice -- hehadeverread.'
Type: Other error

Error #1278:
Input:    'and the subject-matter of the manifesto would only a week ago have excited his derision.'
Expected: 'And the subject-matter of the manifesto would only a week ago have excited his derision.'
Actual:   'Andthesubject-matterofthemanifestowouldonlyaweekagohaveexcitedhisderision.'
Type: Other error

Error #1279:
Input:    'first manifesto _by the lord of the alpha triangle, in council, to the parliament and people of the united kingdom._ whereby it is announced as follows: the society at present known as the alpha triangle is the most powerful and the most highly-organised institution of its kind the world has ever known.'
Expected: 'FIRST MANIFESTO _by the Lord of the Alpha Triangle, in Council, to the Parliament and People of the United Kingdom._ WHEREBY it is announced as follows: The Society at present known as the Alpha Triangle is the most powerful and the most highly-organised Institution of its kind the world has ever known.'
Actual:   'Firstmanifesto_bythelordofthealphatriangle,incouncil,totheparliamentandpeopleoftheunitedkingdom._wherebyitisannouncedasfollows:thesocietyatpresentknownasthealphatriangleisthemostpowerfulandthemosthighly-organisedinstitutionofitskindtheworldhaseverknown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1280:
Input:    'the society is composed of those who, recognising the fact that force is the law of nature, and that the principles obtaining in international politics are those which should have currency in social politics, have arranged to extract from the world the wealth which they desire by such means as they think fit to employ.'
Expected: 'The Society is composed of those who, recognising the fact that Force is the law of Nature, and that the principles obtaining in International Politics are those which should have currency in Social Politics, have arranged to extract from the World the wealth which they desire by such means as they think fit to employ.'
Actual:   'Thesocietyiscomposedofthosewho,recognisingthefactthatforceisthelawofnature,andthattheprinciplesobtainingininternationalpoliticsarethosewhichshouldhavecurrencyinsocialpolitics,havearrangedtoextractfromtheworldthewealthwhichtheydesirebysuchmeansastheythinkfittoemploy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1281:
Input:    'recognising, also, that they are declaring a war upon the laws of the world, the alpha triangle wish it to be understood that no human life will be sacred to them during the duration of such a war.'
Expected: 'Recognising, also, that they are declaring a War upon the Laws of the World, the Alpha Triangle wish it to be understood that no human life will be sacred to them during the duration of such a War.'
Actual:   'Recognising,also,thattheyaredeclaringawaruponthelawsoftheworld,thealphatrianglewishittobeunderstoodthatnohumanlifewillbesacredtothemduringthedurationofsuchawar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1282:
Input:    'in order, therefore, that much needless sacrifice of life may be saved, the alpha triangle takes this opportunity of announcing that it will declare an end of this war on receiving official intimation of the acceptance by his majesty's government of the following terms of peace: (1) that the government above cited shall, within two months of the date hereof, pay to the alpha triangle the sum of 15,000,000 (fifteen million pounds).'
Expected: 'IN ORDER, therefore, that much needless sacrifice of life may be saved, the Alpha Triangle takes this opportunity of announcing that it will declare an End of this War on receiving official Intimation of the acceptance by His Majesty's Government of the following Terms of Peace: (1) THAT the Government above cited shall, within two months of the date hereof, pay to the Alpha Triangle the sum of 15,000,000 (Fifteen million pounds).'
Actual:   'Inorder,therefore,thatmuchneedlesssacrificeoflifemaybesaved,thealphatriangletakesthisopportunityofannouncingthatitwilldeclareanendofthiswaronreceivingofficialintimationoftheacceptancebyhismajesty'sgovernmentofthefollowingtermsofpeace:(1)thatthegovernmentabovecitedshall,withintwomonthsofthedatehereof,paytothealphatrianglethesumof15,000,000(fifteenmillionpounds).'
Type: Other error

Error #1283:
Input:    '(2) that the government above cited shall, upon making this payment, utter a proclamation freely pardoning the several members of the alpha triangle and fully indemnifying them from the results of any civil or criminal proceedings in connection with any felonies, misdemeanours or torts committed by the said members of the alpha triangle, up to and including the day upon which this payment is made.'
Expected: '(2) THAT the Government above cited shall, upon making this payment, utter a proclamation freely pardoning the several members of the Alpha Triangle and fully indemnifying them from the results of any civil or criminal proceedings in connection with any felonies, misdemeanours or torts committed by the said members of the Alpha Triangle, up to and including the day upon which this payment is made.'
Actual:   '(2)thatthegovernmentabovecitedshall,uponmakingthispayment,utteraproclamationfreelypardoningtheseveralmembersofthealphatriangleandfullyindemnifyingthemfromtheresultsofanycivilorcriminalproceedingsinconnectionwithanyfelonies,misdemeanoursortortscommittedbythesaidmembersofthealphatriangle,uptoandincludingthedayuponwhichthispaymentismade.'
Type: Other error

Error #1284:
Input:    '(3) that the government above cited shall make this payment in gold ingots, in a manner to be described upon our receipt of the notification of the said government that they accept these terms without any reservation or alteration whatsoever.'
Expected: '(3) THAT the Government above cited shall make this payment in gold ingots, in a manner to be described upon our receipt of the notification of the said Government that they accept these Terms without any reservation or alteration whatsoever.'
Actual:   '(3)thatthegovernmentabovecitedshallmakethispaymentingoldingots,inamannertobedescribeduponourreceiptofthenotificationofthesaidgovernmentthattheyacceptthesetermswithoutanyreservationoralterationwhatsoever.'
Type: Other error

Error #1285:
Input:    'and whereas it is expedient that these terms shall be complied with without delay, we further announce that until the aforesaid notification of acceptance shall be received by us through the medium of the daily press, we shall at intervals of three days inclusive assassinate the undermentioned members of the cabinet:-- sir john marker (home secretary).'
Expected: 'AND WHEREAS it is expedient that these Terms shall be complied with without delay, we further announce that until the aforesaid notification of acceptance shall be received by us through the medium of the Daily Press, we shall at intervals of three days inclusive assassinate the undermentioned members of the Cabinet:-- Sir John Marker (Home Secretary).'
Actual:   'Andwhereasitisexpedientthatthesetermsshallbecompliedwithwithoutdelay,wefurtherannouncethatuntiltheaforesaidnotificationofacceptanceshallbereceivedbyusthroughthemediumofthedailypress,weshallatintervalsofthreedaysinclusiveassassinatetheundermentionedmembersofthecabinet: -- sirjohnmarker(homesecretary).'
Type: Other error

Error #1286:
Input:    'hugh anderby neilson (chancellor of the exchequer).'
Expected: 'Hugh Anderby Neilson (Chancellor of the Exchequer).'
Actual:   'Hughanderbyneilson(chancelloroftheexchequer).'
Type: Other error

Error #1287:
Input:    'paul hesketh (foreign secretary).'
Expected: 'Paul Hesketh (Foreign Secretary).'
Actual:   'Paulhesketh(foreignsecretary).'
Type: Other error

Error #1288:
Input:    'lester hume smith (secretary for war) lord hannassay.'
Expected: 'Lester Hume Smith (Secretary for War) Lord Hannassay.'
Actual:   'Lesterhumesmith(secretaryforwar)lordhannassay.'
Type: Other error

Error #1289:
Input:    'john bayridge-rand.'
Expected: 'John Bayridge-Rand.'
Actual:   'Johnbayridge-rand.'
Type: Other error

Error #1290:
Input:    'and in addition, the criminal activities of the alpha triangle will continue with unabated energy.'
Expected: 'AND IN ADDITION, the criminal activities of the Alpha Triangle will continue with unabated energy.'
Actual:   'Andinaddition,thecriminalactivitiesofthealphatrianglewillcontinuewithunabatedenergy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1291:
Input:    'of the efficiency of these activities the public will be in possession of a striking example by the time this manifesto appears in print.'
Expected: 'Of the efficiency of these activities the Public will be in possession of a striking example by the time this Manifesto appears in print.'
Actual:   'Oftheefficiencyoftheseactivitiesthepublicwillbeinpossessionofastrikingexamplebythetimethismanifestoappearsinprint.'
Type: Other error

Error #1292:
Input:    'further be it known that the lives of those who set themselves to track down the alpha triangle are forfeit, and this sentence will be first carried out upon the persons of captain christopher arden and inspector claud eustace teal.'
Expected: 'FURTHER BE IT KNOWN that the lives of those who set themselves to track down the Alpha Triangle are forfeit, and this sentence will be first carried out upon the persons of Captain Christopher Arden and Inspector Claud Eustace Teal.'
Actual:   'Furtherbeitknownthatthelivesofthosewhosetthemselvestotrackdownthealphatriangleareforfeit,andthissentencewillbefirstcarriedoutuponthepersonsofcaptainchristopherardenandinspectorclaudeustaceteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1293:
Input:    'given by our hand this day, (signed) for signature there was simply a small replica of the crest which commenced the sheet.'
Expected: 'GIVEN by our Hand this Day, (Signed) For signature there was simply a small replica of the crest which commenced the sheet.'
Actual:   'Givenbyourhandthisday,(signed)forsignaturetherewassimplyasmallreplicaofthecrestwhichcommencedthesheet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1294:
Input:    'storm read the rambling, arrogant proclamation through again, taking in all its pseudo-legal jargon, unnecessary capitals, and peculiar paragraphing.'
Expected: 'Storm read the rambling, arrogant proclamation through again, taking in all its pseudo-legal jargon, unnecessary capitals, and peculiar paragraphing.'
Actual:   'Stormreadtherambling,arrogantproclamationthroughagain,takinginallitspseudo-legaljargon,unnecessarycapitals,andpeculiarparagraphing.'
Type: Other error

Error #1295:
Input:    'it was an amazing announcement, and yet he absorbed every word of it eagerly, for even though it was undoubtedly the work of a madman he had already had enough evidence that the madman had the brain of a genius and the organising ability to carry through his extravagant threats.'
Expected: 'It was an amazing announcement, and yet he absorbed every word of it eagerly, for even though it was undoubtedly the work of a madman he had already had enough evidence that the madman had the brain of a genius and the organising ability to carry through his extravagant threats.'
Actual:   'Itwasanamazingannouncement,andyetheabsorbedeverywordofiteagerly,foreventhoughitwasundoubtedlytheworkofamadmanhehadalreadyhadenoughevidencethatthemadmanhadthebrainofageniusandtheorganisingabilitytocarrythroughhisextravagantthreats.'
Type: Other error

Error #1296:
Input:    'and the men were there to serve him--the half-human, brutal, remorseless dregs of four or five nations, who would kill for him readily....'
Expected: 'And the men were there to serve him--the half-human, brutal, remorseless dregs of four or five nations, who would kill for him readily....'
Actual:   'Andthemenweretheretoservehim -- thehalf-human,brutal,remorselessdregsoffourorfivenations,whowouldkillforhimreadily....'
Type: Other error

Error #1297:
Input:    'one thing only amused him, and he spoke of it to inspector teal when the plump detective arrived.'
Expected: 'One thing only amused him, and he spoke of it to Inspector Teal when the plump detective arrived.'
Actual:   'Onethingonlyamusedhim,andhespokeofittoinspectortealwhentheplumpdetectivearrived.'
Type: Other error

Error #1298:
Input:    '"you've discovered my guilty secret," said mr.'
Expected: '"You've discovered my guilty secret," said Mr.'
Actual:   '``you'vediscoveredmyguiltysecret,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1299:
Input:    'teal sadly.'
Expected: 'Teal sadly.'
Actual:   'Tealsadly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1300:
Input:    '"if i was on the staff of the triangle, i'd have put the name of the man who suggested those names to my father on the list." there was a silence.'
Expected: '"If I was on the staff of the Triangle, I'd have put the name of the man who suggested those names to my father on the list." There was a silence.'
Actual:   '``ifiwasonthestaffofthetriangle,i'dhaveputthenameofthemanwhosuggestedthosenamestomyfatheronthelist.'' Therewasasilence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1301:
Input:    'then: "it's incredible!" storm said harshly.'
Expected: 'Then: "It's incredible!" Storm said harshly.'
Actual:   'Then:``it'sincredible!'' Stormsaidharshly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1302:
Input:    '"teal, if your pal joe put this manifesto into his book every critic would tear it to pieces.'
Expected: '"Teal, if your pal Joe put this manifesto into his book every critic would tear it to pieces.'
Actual:   '``teal,ifyourpaljoeputthismanifestointohisbookeverycriticwouldtearittopieces.'
Type: Other error

Error #1303:
Input:    'and yet it's true!'
Expected: 'And yet it's true!'
Actual:   'Andyetit'strue!'
Type: Other error

Error #1304:
Input:    'it's possible!'
Expected: 'It's possible!'
Actual:   'It'spossible!'
Type: Other error

Error #1305:
Input:    'a bughouse genius with an army of cheap thugs who'll obey him--this"--he tapped the paper--"this don't count a blue hoot!'
Expected: 'A bughouse genius with an army of cheap thugs who'll obey him--this"--he tapped the paper--"this don't count a blue hoot!'
Actual:   'Abughousegeniuswithanarmyofcheapthugswho'llobeyhim -- this'' -- hetappedthepaper -- ''thisdon'tcountabluehoot!'
Type: Other error

Error #1306:
Input:    'it only proves he's mad, and i knew that already.'
Expected: 'It only proves he's mad, and I knew that already.'
Actual:   'Itonlyproveshe'smad,andiknewthatalready.'
Type: Other error

Error #1307:
Input:    'and god knows how to stop him.'
Expected: 'And God knows how to stop him.'
Actual:   'Andgodknowshowtostophim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1308:
Input:    'i know the triangle, and i could arrest him in thirty minutes, but what court'd convict on all the evidence i've got?" teal shook his head.'
Expected: 'I know the Triangle, and I could arrest him in thirty minutes, but what court'd convict on all the evidence I've got?" Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   'Iknowthetriangle,andicouldarresthiminthirtyminutes,butwhatcourt'dconvictonalltheevidencei'vegot?'' Tealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #1309:
Input:    '"the moraine's men got clean away--we hadn't an earthly." he fumbled in his pocket and drew out a pink slip.'
Expected: '"The Moraine's men got clean away--we hadn't an earthly." He fumbled in his pocket and drew out a pink slip.'
Actual:   '``themoraine'smengotcleanaway -- wehadn'tanearthly.'' Hefumbledinhispocketanddrewoutapinkslip.'
Type: Other error

Error #1310:
Input:    '"this might interest you," he said casually, and strolled away to the window.'
Expected: '"This might interest you," he said casually, and strolled away to the window.'
Actual:   '``thismightinterestyou,''hesaidcasually,andstrolledawaytothewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1311:
Input:    'storm read the telegram, and as he read he went cold.'
Expected: 'Storm read the telegram, and as he read he went cold.'
Actual:   'Stormreadthetelegram,andashereadhewentcold.'
Type: Other error

Error #1312:
Input:    'lord hannassay found murdered on line near kearsney.'
Expected: 'Lord Hannassay found murdered on line near Kearsney.'
Actual:   'Lordhannassayfoundmurderedonlinenearkearsney.'
Type: Other error

Error #1313:
Input:    'chapter viii annoyance of oscar nothing but credit can attach to captain arden, who is in charge of the case.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER VIII ANNOYANCE OF OSCAR Nothing but credit can attach to Captain Arden, who is in charge of the case.'
Actual:   'Chapterviiiannoyanceofoscarnothingbutcreditcanattachtocaptainarden,whoisinchargeofthecase.'
Type: Other error

Error #1314:
Input:    'immediately he heard of the display of jewels, he ordered fifty officers in plain clothes to be armed and dispatched to moraine's.'
Expected: 'Immediately he heard of the display of jewels, he ordered fifty officers in plain clothes to be armed and dispatched to Moraine's.'
Actual:   'Immediatelyheheardofthedisplayofjewels,heorderedfiftyofficersinplainclothestobearmedanddispatchedtomoraine's.'
Type: Other error

Error #1315:
Input:    'the hold-up, however, was staged in a manner so unprecedented and so completely unforseen that, hampered as they were by a considerable number of sightseers, captain arden and his men were helpless.'
Expected: 'The hold-up, however, was staged in a manner so unprecedented and so completely unforseen that, hampered as they were by a considerable number of sightseers, Captain Arden and his men were helpless.'
Actual:   'Thehold-up,however,wasstagedinamannersounprecedentedandsocompletelyunforseenthat,hamperedastheywerebyaconsiderablenumberofsightseers,captainardenandhismenwerehelpless.'
Type: Other error

Error #1316:
Input:    'as it was, his prompt action in attacking the member of the gang who was left behind to ensure the getaway of the others was as courageous a deed as that which won him the d.'
Expected: 'As it was, his prompt action in attacking the member of the gang who was left behind to ensure the getaway of the others was as courageous a deed as that which won him the D.'
Actual:   'Asitwas,hispromptactioninattackingthememberofthegangwhowasleftbehindtoensurethegetawayoftheotherswasascourageousadeedasthatwhichwonhimthed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1317:
Input:    'at mons during the great war.'
Expected: 'at Mons during the Great War.'
Actual:   'Atmonsduringthegreatwar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1318:
Input:    'it was not his fault that he failed to prevent the escape of the gang.'
Expected: 'It was not his fault that he failed to prevent the escape of the gang.'
Actual:   'Itwasnothisfaultthathefailedtopreventtheescapeofthegang.'
Type: Other error

Error #1319:
Input:    'captain arden also deserves special praise for the way in which he quelled the subsequent panic.'
Expected: 'Captain Arden also deserves special praise for the way in which he quelled the subsequent panic.'
Actual:   'Captainardenalsodeservesspecialpraiseforthewayinwhichhequelledthesubsequentpanic.'
Type: Other error

Error #1320:
Input:    'a gentleman who was present has written us a strongly worded letter abusing the methods used by captain arden in doing this.'
Expected: 'A gentleman who was present has written us a strongly worded letter abusing the methods used by Captain Arden in doing this.'
Actual:   'Agentlemanwhowaspresenthaswrittenusastronglywordedletterabusingthemethodsusedbycaptainardenindoingthis.'
Type: Other error

Error #1321:
Input:    'our correspondent apparently fails to realise that you cannot argue politely with a terrified mob, and that captain arden's vigorous measures probably saved several people from, at least, serious injury.'
Expected: 'Our correspondent apparently fails to realise that you cannot argue politely with a terrified mob, and that Captain Arden's vigorous measures probably saved several people from, at least, serious injury.'
Actual:   'Ourcorrespondentapparentlyfailstorealisethatyoucannotarguepolitelywithaterrifiedmob,andthatcaptainarden'svigorousmeasuresprobablysavedseveralpeoplefrom,atleast,seriousinjury.'
Type: Other error

Error #1322:
Input:    'so spoke the _daily record_, after the first profitable crime of the triangle.'
Expected: 'So spoke the _Daily Record_, after the first profitable crime of the Triangle.'
Actual:   'Sospokethe_dailyrecord_,afterthefirstprofitablecrimeofthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1323:
Input:    'the trouble about sensational crime, from the journalist's point of view, is that once the public has ceased to be interested in its committal, the news value falls several degrees below par.'
Expected: 'The trouble about sensational crime, from the journalist's point of view, is that once the public has ceased to be interested in its committal, the news value falls several degrees below par.'
Actual:   'Thetroubleaboutsensationalcrime,fromthejournalist'spointofview,isthatoncethepublichasceasedtobeinterestedinitscommittal,thenewsvaluefallsseveraldegreesbelowpar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1324:
Input:    'the triangle mystery, however, suffered from no such disadvantages.'
Expected: 'The Triangle mystery, however, suffered from no such disadvantages.'
Actual:   'Thetrianglemystery,however,sufferedfromnosuchdisadvantages.'
Type: Other error

Error #1325:
Input:    'the definite threat of further crimes effectively maintained popular interest at fever heat.'
Expected: 'The definite threat of further crimes effectively maintained popular interest at fever heat.'
Actual:   'Thedefinitethreatoffurthercrimeseffectivelymaintainedpopularinterestatfeverheat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1326:
Input:    'the triangle was the topic of conversation wherever two or three were gathered together, and those who at the first announcement had dismissed it as a hoax, prayed that their indiscretion might be forgotten.'
Expected: 'The Triangle was the topic of conversation wherever two or three were gathered together, and those who at the first announcement had dismissed it as a hoax, prayed that their indiscretion might be forgotten.'
Actual:   'Thetrianglewasthetopicofconversationwherevertwoorthreeweregatheredtogether,andthosewhoatthefirstannouncementhaddismisseditasahoax,prayedthattheirindiscretionmightbeforgotten.'
Type: Other error

Error #1327:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt was confidently pessimistic.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt was confidently pessimistic.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaytwasconfidentlypessimistic.'
Type: Other error

Error #1328:
Input:    '"i know criminals," he would say darkly, to the few doubters that remained.'
Expected: '"I Know Criminals," he would say darkly, to the few doubters that remained.'
Actual:   '``iknowcriminals,''hewouldsaydarkly,tothefewdoubtersthatremained.'
Type: Other error

Error #1329:
Input:    'another man, personally concerned with the fate of the plot, was belligerently smug.'
Expected: 'Another man, personally concerned with the fate of the plot, was belligerently smug.'
Actual:   'Anotherman,personallyconcernedwiththefateoftheplot,wasbelligerentlysmug.'
Type: Other error

Error #1330:
Input:    '"i shall nod bay," he repeated with liturgical monotony.'
Expected: '"I shall nod bay," he repeated with liturgical monotony.'
Actual:   '``ishallnodbay,''herepeatedwithliturgicalmonotony.'
Type: Other error

Error #1331:
Input:    'he sat opposite joe blaythwayt in the lombard street office.'
Expected: 'He sat opposite Joe Blaythwayt in the Lombard Street office.'
Actual:   'HesatoppositejoeblaythwaytintheLombardstreetoffice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1332:
Input:    'it was not his usual day for calling, but his reason was costly enough to justify this departure from routine.'
Expected: 'It was not his usual day for calling, but his reason was costly enough to justify this departure from routine.'
Actual:   'Itwasnothisusualdayforcalling,buthisreasonwascostlyenoughtojustifythisdeparturefromroutine.'
Type: Other error

Error #1333:
Input:    '"ter day afder to-morrow," he said, "i shall a cheque traw vor fifty tousand bounds.'
Expected: '"Ter day afder to-morrow," he said, "I shall a cheque traw vor fifty tousand bounds.'
Actual:   '``terdayafderto-morrow,''hesaid,``ishallachequetrawvorfiftytousandbounds.'
Type: Other error

Error #1334:
Input:    'i shall require to pe baid in one bound notes.'
Expected: 'I shall require to pe baid in one bound notes.'
Actual:   'Ishallrequiretopebaidinoneboundnotes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1335:
Input:    'led berbarations pe mate." "certainly, sir," said joe blaythwayt briskly, and made a note on his pad.'
Expected: 'Led berbarations pe mate." "Certainly, sir," said Joe Blaythwayt briskly, and made a note on his pad.'
Actual:   'Ledberbarationspemate.'' ``certainly,sir,''saidjoeblaythwaytbriskly,andmadeanoteonhispad.'
Type: Other error

Error #1336:
Input:    '"the money will be ready for you.'
Expected: '"The money will be ready for you.'
Actual:   '``themoneywillbereadyforyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1337:
Input:    'in the morning?" "yess!" raegenssen nodded violently.'
Expected: 'In the morning?" "Yess!" Raegenssen nodded violently.'
Actual:   'Inthemorning?'' ``yess!'' Raegenssennoddedviolently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1338:
Input:    '"that iss all.'
Expected: '"That iss all.'
Actual:   '``thatissall.'
Type: Other error

Error #1339:
Input:    'thang you." he rose.'
Expected: 'Thang you." He rose.'
Actual:   'Thangyou.'' Herose.'
Type: Other error

Error #1340:
Input:    '"if i might mention something, sir," blaythwayt stopped him.'
Expected: '"If I might mention something, sir," Blaythwayt stopped him.'
Actual:   '``ifimightmentionsomething,sir,''blaythwaytstoppedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1341:
Input:    '"that man snooper--you want to be careful of him." raegenssen wrinkled.'
Expected: '"That man Snooper--you want to be careful of him." Raegenssen wrinkled.'
Actual:   '``thatmansnooper -- youwanttobecarefulofhim.'' Raegenssenwrinkled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1342:
Input:    '"snoober?" "that brome fellow--edward brome he calls himself.'
Expected: '"Snoober?" "That Brome fellow--Edward Brome he calls himself.'
Actual:   '``snoober?'' ``thatbromefellow -- edwardbromehecallshimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1343:
Input:    'i saw him driving through the city in your car yesterday morning.'
Expected: 'I saw him driving through the City in your car yesterday morning.'
Actual:   'Isawhimdrivingthroughthecityinyourcaryesterdaymorning.'
Type: Other error

Error #1344:
Input:    'of course, it's really no business of mine if you give your acquaintance a lift, but brome isn't--ah--desirable.'
Expected: 'Of course, it's really no business of mine if you give your acquaintance a lift, but Brome isn't--ah--desirable.'
Actual:   'Ofcourse,it'sreallynobusinessofmineifyougiveyouracquaintancealift,butbromeisn't -- ah -- desirable.'
Type: Other error

Error #1345:
Input:    'he's a well-known fence." "fence?" "'fence,'" explained mr.'
Expected: 'He's a well-known fence." "Fence?" "'Fence,'" explained Mr.'
Actual:   'He'sawell-knownfence.'' ``fence?'' ``'fence,'''explainedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1346:
Input:    'blaythwayt with unction, "is the cant term among criminals for a man who buys stolen property.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt with unction, "is the cant term among criminals for a man who buys stolen property.'
Actual:   'Blaythwaytwithunction,``isthecanttermamongcriminalsforamanwhobuysstolenproperty.'
Type: Other error

Error #1347:
Input:    'a receiver.'
Expected: 'A receiver.'
Actual:   'Areceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #1348:
Input:    'brome is a receiver." raegenssen stroked his chin.'
Expected: 'Brome is a receiver." Raegenssen stroked his chin.'
Actual:   'Bromeisareceiver.'' Raegenssenstrokedhischin.'
Type: Other error

Error #1349:
Input:    'that iss most disdressing--yess!'
Expected: 'That iss most disdressing--yess!'
Actual:   'Thatissmostdisdressing -- yess!'
Type: Other error

Error #1350:
Input:    'hof you seen him before?'
Expected: 'Hof you seen him before?'
Actual:   'Hofyouseenhimbefore?'
Type: Other error

Error #1351:
Input:    'how do you know?" "i know criminals," said joe with an air.'
Expected: 'How do you know?" "I Know Criminals," said Joe with an air.'
Actual:   'Howdoyouknow?'' ``iknowcriminals,''saidjoewithanair.'
Type: Other error

Error #1352:
Input:    '"when you again meed him," said raegenssen seriously, "dell him nod to gall on me again.'
Expected: '"When you again meed him," said Raegenssen seriously, "dell him nod to gall on me again.'
Actual:   '``whenyouagainmeedhim,''saidraegenssenseriously,``dellhimnodtogallonmeagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #1353:
Input:    'i shall pe gross--yess!'
Expected: 'I shall pe gross--yess!'
Actual:   'Ishallpegross -- yess!'
Type: Other error

Error #1354:
Input:    'a griminal!'
Expected: 'A griminal!'
Actual:   'Agriminal!'
Type: Other error

Error #1355:
Input:    'i shall eggsdinguish him!'
Expected: 'I shall eggsdinguish him!'
Actual:   'Ishalleggsdinguishhim!'
Type: Other error

Error #1356:
Input:    'he shall hof ter fire out!" blaythwayt was surprised at the man's vehemence.'
Expected: 'He shall hof ter fire out!" Blaythwayt was surprised at the man's vehemence.'
Actual:   'Heshallhofterfireout!'' Blaythwaytwassurprisedattheman'svehemence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1357:
Input:    '"there's no actual evidence against him," he explained erroneously, "but the police know him for a criminal and they're anxious to get a conviction." in this he was nearer the truth.'
Expected: '"There's no actual evidence against him," he explained erroneously, "but the police know him for a criminal and they're anxious to get a conviction." In this he was nearer the truth.'
Actual:   '``there'snoactualevidenceagainsthim,''heexplainederroneously,``butthepoliceknowhimforacriminalandthey'reanxioustogetaconviction.'' Inthishewasnearerthetruth.'
Type: Other error

Error #1358:
Input:    '"it'd be unpleasant for you to be known as a friend of snooper's.'
Expected: '"It'd be unpleasant for you to be known as a friend of Snooper's.'
Actual:   '``it'dbeunpleasantforyoutobeknownasafriendofsnooper's.'
Type: Other error

Error #1359:
Input:    'i thought i'd take the liberty of warning you." the swede nodded.'
Expected: 'I thought I'd take the liberty of warning you." The Swede nodded.'
Actual:   'Ithoughti'dtakethelibertyofwarningyou.'' Theswedenodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1360:
Input:    '"i am gradeful.'
Expected: '"I am gradeful.'
Actual:   '``iamgradeful.'
Type: Other error

Error #1361:
Input:    'thang you.'
Expected: 'Thang you.'
Actual:   'Thangyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1362:
Input:    'goot-pye!" he left in his usual abrupt manner, and joe blaythwayt returned to his desk with a comfortable feeling of having at last found an opportunity of giving a practical demonstration of his knowledge of the criminal classes.'
Expected: 'Goot-pye!" He left in his usual abrupt manner, and Joe Blaythwayt returned to his desk with a comfortable feeling of having at last found an opportunity of giving a practical demonstration of his knowledge of the criminal classes.'
Actual:   'Goot-pye!'' Heleftinhisusualabruptmanner,andjoeblaythwaytreturnedtohisdeskwithacomfortablefeelingofhavingatlastfoundanopportunityofgivingapracticaldemonstrationofhisknowledgeofthecriminalclasses.'
Type: Other error

Error #1363:
Input:    'so escaped snooper brome, with three car-loads of detectives all but on his heels and four hundred thousand pounds' worth of gems in a shabby leather bag.'
Expected: 'So escaped Snooper Brome, with three car-loads of detectives all but on his heels and four hundred thousand pounds' worth of gems in a shabby leather bag.'
Actual:   'Soescapedsnooperbrome,withthreecar-loadsofdetectivesallbutonhisheelsandfourhundredthousandpounds'worthofgemsinashabbyleatherbag.'
Type: Other error

Error #1364:
Input:    'and the armed men who prowled the streets of london searched in vain.'
Expected: 'And the armed men who prowled the streets of London searched in vain.'
Actual:   'Andthearmedmenwhoprowledthestreetsoflondonsearchedinvain.'
Type: Other error

Error #1365:
Input:    'that evening, oscar raegenssen summoned his portly butler and his chauffeur to his study.'
Expected: 'That evening, Oscar Raegenssen summoned his portly butler and his chauffeur to his study.'
Actual:   'Thatevening,oscarraegenssensummonedhisportlybutlerandhischauffeurtohisstudy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1366:
Input:    'he took the cocktail the butler shook for him, and threw two buff scraps of paper on the table.'
Expected: 'He took the cocktail the butler shook for him, and threw two buff scraps of paper on the table.'
Actual:   'Hetookthecocktailthebutlershookforhim,andthrewtwobuffscrapsofpaperonthetable.'
Type: Other error

Error #1367:
Input:    '"to-night," he ordered, "you will go to der theadrigal enderdainments.'
Expected: '"To-night," he ordered, "you will go to der theadrigal enderdainments.'
Actual:   '``to-night,''heordered,``youwillgotodertheadrigalenderdainments.'
Type: Other error

Error #1368:
Input:    'your tiggets!'
Expected: 'Your tiggets!'
Actual:   'Yourtiggets!'
Type: Other error

Error #1369:
Input:    'i do not wiss to disturbed pe!" his servants accepted the tickets with murmured thanks, and exchanged a covert wink, for they were used to their master's eccentricities.'
Expected: 'I do not wiss to disturbed pe!" His servants accepted the tickets with murmured thanks, and exchanged a covert wink, for they were used to their master's eccentricities.'
Actual:   'Idonotwisstodisturbedpe!'' Hisservantsacceptedtheticketswithmurmuredthanks,andexchangedacovertwink,fortheywereusedtotheirmaster'seccentricities.'
Type: Other error

Error #1370:
Input:    'without warning or explanation he would disappear for weeks, and return, as though he had only been absent for a day, expecting to find everything running smoothly for him to drop back into.'
Expected: 'Without warning or explanation he would disappear for weeks, and return, as though he had only been absent for a day, expecting to find everything running smoothly for him to drop back into.'
Actual:   'Withoutwarningorexplanationhewoulddisappearforweeks,andreturn,asthoughhehadonlybeenabsentforaday,expectingtofindeverythingrunningsmoothlyforhimtodropbackinto.'
Type: Other error

Error #1371:
Input:    'often he sent them away for the night, with some such instructions as he gave them now.'
Expected: 'Often he sent them away for the night, with some such instructions as he gave them now.'
Actual:   'Oftenhesentthemawayforthenight,withsomesuchinstructionsashegavethemnow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1372:
Input:    'they put their own constructions on these habits of his, and they were quite wrong.'
Expected: 'They put their own constructions on these habits of his, and they were quite wrong.'
Actual:   'Theyputtheirownconstructionsonthesehabitsofhis,andtheywerequitewrong.'
Type: Other error

Error #1373:
Input:    'raegenssen saw them out of the house, and then fetched a hat and stick and himself left.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen saw them out of the house, and then fetched a hat and stick and himself left.'
Actual:   'Raegenssensawthemoutofthehouse,andthenfetchedahatandstickandhimselfleft.'
Type: Other error

Error #1374:
Input:    'he dined economically at a small restaurant in soho, and from there he went on to the orpheum theatre, where that bright entertainment _bronx or manhattan_ played nightly to crowded houses.'
Expected: 'He dined economically at a small restaurant in Soho, and from there he went on to the Orpheum Theatre, where that bright entertainment _Bronx or Manhattan_ played nightly to crowded houses.'
Actual:   'Hedinedeconomicallyatasmallrestaurantinsoho,andfromtherehewentontotheorpheumtheatre,wherethatbrightentertainment_bronxormanhattan_playednightlytocrowdedhouses.'
Type: Other error

Error #1375:
Input:    'not that oscar raegenssen was interested in snappy back-chat, negroid music, or chorus girls' legs; but the box of a theatre is a convenient place for meeting those whom you wish to see and speak with in private.'
Expected: 'Not that Oscar Raegenssen was interested in snappy back-chat, negroid music, or chorus girls' legs; but the box of a theatre is a convenient place for meeting those whom you wish to see and speak with in private.'
Actual:   'Notthatoscarraegenssenwasinterestedinsnappyback-chat,negroidmusic,orchorusgirls'legs;buttheboxofatheatreisaconvenientplaceformeetingthosewhomyouwishtoseeandspeakwithinprivate.'
Type: Other error

Error #1376:
Input:    'there storm, who was in the stalls, saw him dozing boredly during the first part of the show, for oscar raegenssen's friend was not due to arrive until ten.'
Expected: 'There Storm, who was in the stalls, saw him dozing boredly during the first part of the show, for Oscar Raegenssen's friend was not due to arrive until ten.'
Actual:   'Therestorm,whowasinthestalls,sawhimdozingboredlyduringthefirstpartoftheshow,foroscarraegenssen'sfriendwasnotduetoarriveuntilten.'
Type: Other error

Error #1377:
Input:    'storm left in the interval, and strolled leisurely to the garage where his car was kept.'
Expected: 'Storm left in the interval, and strolled leisurely to the garage where his car was kept.'
Actual:   'Stormleftintheinterval,andstrolledleisurelytothegaragewherehiscarwaskept.'
Type: Other error

Error #1378:
Input:    'he drove north and west--along oxford street and up orchard street, and when the gates of regent's park loomed before him he veered half left and went on up the finchley road.'
Expected: 'He drove north and west--along Oxford Street and up Orchard Street, and when the gates of Regent's Park loomed before him he veered half left and went on up the Finchley Road.'
Actual:   'Hedrovenorthandwest -- alongoxfordstreetanduporchardstreet,andwhenthegatesofregent'sparkloomedbeforehimheveeredhalfleftandwentonupthefinchleyroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #1379:
Input:    'after a distance he turned right, drove on for about three hundred yards, and suddenly swung left into an unlighted track.'
Expected: 'After a distance he turned right, drove on for about three hundred yards, and suddenly swung left into an unlighted track.'
Actual:   'Afteradistanceheturnedright,droveonforaboutthreehundredyards,andsuddenlyswungleftintoanunlightedtrack.'
Type: Other error

Error #1380:
Input:    'the car bumped and jolted as he nursed it over the uneven ground.'
Expected: 'The car bumped and jolted as he nursed it over the uneven ground.'
Actual:   'Thecarbumpedandjoltedashenurseditovertheunevenground.'
Type: Other error

Error #1381:
Input:    'at length he stopped, switched off all his lights, got down, and stretched himself.'
Expected: 'At length he stopped, switched off all his lights, got down, and stretched himself.'
Actual:   'Atlengthhestopped,switchedoffallhislights,gotdown,andstretchedhimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1382:
Input:    'the moon was new and feeble, and the sky black with hurrying clouds.'
Expected: 'The moon was new and feeble, and the sky black with hurrying clouds.'
Actual:   'Themoonwasnewandfeeble,andtheskyblackwithhurryingclouds.'
Type: Other error

Error #1383:
Input:    'somewhere to the north rumbled the mutter of distant thunder, a summer storm was brewing.'
Expected: 'Somewhere to the north rumbled the mutter of distant thunder, A summer storm was brewing.'
Actual:   'Somewheretothenorthrumbledthemutterofdistantthunder,asummerstormwasbrewing.'
Type: Other error

Error #1384:
Input:    'he disappeared among the shadows.'
Expected: 'He disappeared among the shadows.'
Actual:   'Hedisappearedamongtheshadows.'
Type: Other error

Error #1385:
Input:    'the darkness was almost complete, yet he picked his way over the rough path unerringly.'
Expected: 'The darkness was almost complete, yet he picked his way over the rough path unerringly.'
Actual:   'Thedarknesswasalmostcomplete,yethepickedhiswayovertheroughpathunerringly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1386:
Input:    'on either side of him rose ghostly polyliths which resembled ruins in that faint light, and once he climbed over a wall in the interstices of which the cement was still soft.'
Expected: 'On either side of him rose ghostly polyliths which resembled ruins in that faint light, and once he climbed over a wall in the interstices of which the cement was still soft.'
Actual:   'Oneithersideofhimroseghostlypolylithswhichresembledruinsinthatfaintlight,andonceheclimbedoverawallintheintersticesofwhichthecementwasstillsoft.'
Type: Other error

Error #1387:
Input:    'he was on a plot of land where a block of flats was being erected.'
Expected: 'He was on a plot of land where a block of flats was being erected.'
Actual:   'Hewasonaplotoflandwhereablockofflatswasbeingerected.'
Type: Other error

Error #1388:
Input:    'presently he stopped and took a black silk handkerchief from his pocket, and this he pinned to the lapels of his dinner jacket.'
Expected: 'Presently he stopped and took a black silk handkerchief from his pocket, and this he pinned to the lapels of his dinner jacket.'
Actual:   'Presentlyhestoppedandtookablacksilkhandkerchieffromhispocket,andthishepinnedtothelapelsofhisdinnerjacket.'
Type: Other error

Error #1389:
Input:    'it erased the white blur of his shirt and made him practically invisible.'
Expected: 'It erased the white blur of his shirt and made him practically invisible.'
Actual:   'Iterasedthewhiteblurofhisshirtandmadehimpracticallyinvisible.'
Type: Other error

Error #1390:
Input:    'a second black silk handkerchief, folded diagonally, he tied about the lower part of his face.'
Expected: 'A second black silk handkerchief, folded diagonally, he tied about the lower part of his face.'
Actual:   'Asecondblacksilkhandkerchief,foldeddiagonally,hetiedaboutthelowerpartofhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #1391:
Input:    'a six-foot wall barred his way.'
Expected: 'A six-foot wall barred his way.'
Actual:   'Asix-footwallbarredhisway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1392:
Input:    'he scaled it like a cat, and dropped nimbly on the springy turf on the other side.'
Expected: 'He scaled it like a cat, and dropped nimbly on the springy turf on the other side.'
Actual:   'Hescaleditlikeacat,anddroppednimblyonthespringyturfontheotherside.'
Type: Other error

Error #1393:
Input:    'the house stood back from the road, in darkness.'
Expected: 'The house stood back from the road, in darkness.'
Actual:   'Thehousestoodbackfromtheroad,indarkness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1394:
Input:    'storm was in the back garden, the high walls that enclosed it screening him effectively from the view of any possible outside watchers.'
Expected: 'Storm was in the back garden, the high walls that enclosed it screening him effectively from the view of any possible outside watchers.'
Actual:   'Stormwasinthebackgarden,thehighwallsthatencloseditscreeninghimeffectivelyfromtheviewofanypossibleoutsidewatchers.'
Type: Other error

Error #1395:
Input:    'he stole along in the shadow they cast.'
Expected: 'He stole along in the shadow they cast.'
Actual:   'Hestolealongintheshadowtheycast.'
Type: Other error

Error #1396:
Input:    'a car passed with a hoot and a blare as the latch of a window clicked open under his expert manipulation, and as the splutter of the car died away he raised the sash soundlessly and slipped over the sill.'
Expected: 'A car passed with a hoot and a blare as the latch of a window clicked open under his expert manipulation, and as the splutter of the car died away he raised the sash soundlessly and slipped over the sill.'
Actual:   'Acarpassedwithahootandablareasthelatchofawindowclickedopenunderhisexpertmanipulation,andasthesplutterofthecardiedawayheraisedthesashsoundlesslyandslippedoverthesill.'
Type: Other error

Error #1397:
Input:    'inside, the blackness was intense, with a tangible quality to it that was numbing to the senses.'
Expected: 'Inside, the blackness was intense, with a tangible quality to it that was numbing to the senses.'
Actual:   'Inside,theblacknesswasintense,withatangiblequalitytoitthatwasnumbingtothesenses.'
Type: Other error

Error #1398:
Input:    'myriads of silver specks whirled before the eyes in protest against the strain of attempted vision.'
Expected: 'Myriads of silver specks whirled before the eyes in protest against the strain of attempted vision.'
Actual:   'Myriadsofsilverspeckswhirledbeforetheeyesinprotestagainstthestrainofattemptedvision.'
Type: Other error

Error #1399:
Input:    'the utter opacity was tactile, half fluid, like a fog.'
Expected: 'The utter opacity was tactile, half fluid, like a fog.'
Actual:   'Theutteropacitywastactile,halffluid,likeafog.'
Type: Other error

Error #1400:
Input:    'he crept through the room with a feline assurance, uncannily avoiding chairs and tables, crossed the hall, and opened a door on the far side, closing it behind him.'
Expected: 'He crept through the room with a feline assurance, uncannily avoiding chairs and tables, crossed the hall, and opened a door on the far side, closing it behind him.'
Actual:   'Hecreptthroughtheroomwithafelineassurance,uncannilyavoidingchairsandtables,crossedthehall,andopenedadooronthefarside,closingitbehindhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1401:
Input:    'then he went over to the window and passed his sensitive fingers delicately over every inch of it, even as he had done to that by which he had entered--a touch light enough to stroke a butterfly's wing unfelt.'
Expected: 'Then he went over to the window and passed his sensitive fingers delicately over every inch of it, even as he had done to that by which he had entered--a touch light enough to stroke a butterfly's wing unfelt.'
Actual:   'Thenhewentovertothewindowandpassedhissensitivefingersdelicatelyovereveryinchofit,evenashehaddonetothatbywhichhehadentered -- atouchlightenoughtostrokeabutterfly'swingunfelt.'
Type: Other error

Error #1402:
Input:    'satisfied that there were no alarms fitted, he pressed back the catch and opened the window to its fullest extent, after which he drew the heavy curtains.'
Expected: 'Satisfied that there were no alarms fitted, he pressed back the catch and opened the window to its fullest extent, after which he drew the heavy curtains.'
Actual:   'Satisfiedthattherewerenoalarmsfitted,hepressedbackthecatchandopenedthewindowtoitsfullestextent,afterwhichhedrewtheheavycurtains.'
Type: Other error

Error #1403:
Input:    'a beam of light stabbed the darkness, flickered over every part of the room, and rested at length on a sheraton cabinet.'
Expected: 'A beam of light stabbed the darkness, flickered over every part of the room, and rested at length on a Sheraton cabinet.'
Actual:   'Abeamoflightstabbedthedarkness,flickeredovereverypartoftheroom,andrestedatlengthonasheratoncabinet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1404:
Input:    'unhurriedly he made his preparations.'
Expected: 'Unhurriedly he made his preparations.'
Actual:   'Unhurriedlyhemadehispreparations.'
Type: Other error

Error #1405:
Input:    'from an inside pocket he took a paper bag from which he scattered a coarse powder over the exposed parquet by the door, so that anyone attempting to enter would be bound to step on it.'
Expected: 'From an inside pocket he took a paper bag from which he scattered a coarse powder over the exposed parquet by the door, so that anyone attempting to enter would be bound to step on it.'
Actual:   'Fromaninsidepockethetookapaperbagfromwhichhescatteredacoarsepowderovertheexposedparquetbythedoor,sothatanyoneattemptingtoenterwouldbeboundtosteponit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1406:
Input:    'next came a slim wallet of morocco leather which, laid open on the floor beside the cabinet, gleamed with the silvery sheen of fine steel tools.'
Expected: 'Next came a slim wallet of morocco leather which, laid open on the floor beside the cabinet, gleamed with the silvery sheen of fine steel tools.'
Actual:   'Nextcameaslimwalletofmoroccoleatherwhich,laidopenonthefloorbesidethecabinet,gleamedwiththesilverysheenoffinesteeltools.'
Type: Other error

Error #1407:
Input:    'lastly, he drew from his hip pocket an automatic pistol, and this he also laid on the floor beside him.'
Expected: 'Lastly, he drew from his hip pocket an automatic pistol, and this he also laid on the floor beside him.'
Actual:   'Lastly,hedrewfromhishippocketanautomaticpistol,andthishealsolaidonthefloorbesidehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1408:
Input:    'the cabinet hid a small safe of the most modern type, built like a battleship, yet he tackled it confidently.'
Expected: 'The cabinet hid a small safe of the most modern type, built like a battleship, yet he tackled it confidently.'
Actual:   'Thecabinethidasmallsafeofthemostmoderntype,builtlikeabattleship,yethetackleditconfidently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1409:
Input:    'patiently and skillfully he worked, and at last he had a rubber cup fixed securely to the metal about the lock.'
Expected: 'Patiently and skillfully he worked, and at last he had a rubber cup fixed securely to the metal about the lock.'
Actual:   'Patientlyandskillfullyheworked,andatlasthehadarubbercupfixedsecurelytothemetalaboutthelock.'
Type: Other error

Error #1410:
Input:    'into this he poured a viscid liquid from a rubber bottle, which he handled gingerly.'
Expected: 'Into this he poured a viscid liquid from a rubber bottle, which he handled gingerly.'
Actual:   'Intothishepouredaviscidliquidfromarubberbottle,whichhehandledgingerly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1411:
Input:    'then he sat back on his heels, while the concentrated acid bubbled against the steel and gave off a heavy, pungent vapour.'
Expected: 'Then he sat back on his heels, while the concentrated acid bubbled against the steel and gave off a heavy, pungent vapour.'
Actual:   'Thenhesatbackonhisheels,whiletheconcentratedacidbubbledagainstthesteelandgaveoffaheavy,pungentvapour.'
Type: Other error

Error #1412:
Input:    'exactly three hours after he had entered the house the door of the safe hung open, disclosing rows and rows of documents tied in bundles of various sizes, neatly arranged on the metal shelves.'
Expected: 'Exactly three hours after he had entered the house the door of the safe hung open, disclosing rows and rows of documents tied in bundles of various sizes, neatly arranged on the metal shelves.'
Actual:   'Exactlythreehoursafterhehadenteredthehousethedoorofthesafehungopen,disclosingrowsandrowsofdocumentstiedinbundlesofvarioussizes,neatlyarrangedonthemetalshelves.'
Type: Other error

Error #1413:
Input:    'holding the electric lamp between his knees so that its rays fell towards the floor, he ran through the packets rapidly.'
Expected: 'Holding the electric lamp between his knees so that its rays fell towards the floor, he ran through the packets rapidly.'
Actual:   'Holdingtheelectriclampbetweenhiskneessothatitsraysfelltowardsthefloor,heranthroughthepacketsrapidly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1414:
Input:    'it was then that he heard the snap of potassium chlorate--the safety powder he had sprinkled around the door detonated under foot like the tiny explosions of "cap" pistols.'
Expected: 'It was then that he heard the snap of potassium chlorate--the safety powder he had sprinkled around the door detonated under foot like the tiny explosions of "cap" pistols.'
Actual:   'Itwasthenthatheheardthesnapofpotassiumchlorate -- thesafetypowderhehadsprinkledaroundthedoordetonatedunderfootlikethetinyexplosionsof``cap''pistols.'
Type: Other error

Error #1415:
Input:    'he caught up his automatic and spun around, just as a switch clicked over and the room was flooded with a blinding glare.'
Expected: 'He caught up his automatic and spun around, just as a switch clicked over and the room was flooded with a blinding glare.'
Actual:   'Hecaughtuphisautomaticandspunaround,justasaswitchclickedoverandtheroomwasfloodedwithablindingglare.'
Type: Other error

Error #1416:
Input:    'for a space of seconds there was a strung, pulsating silence.'
Expected: 'For a space of seconds there was a strung, pulsating silence.'
Actual:   'Foraspaceofsecondstherewasastrung,pulsatingsilence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1417:
Input:    'then: "hullo, snooper," said storm, in a voice that was not his own.'
Expected: 'Then: "Hullo, Snooper," said Storm, in a voice that was not his own.'
Actual:   'Then:``hullo,snooper,''saidstorm,inavoicethatwasnothisown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1418:
Input:    '"how are things?" it was a deadlock.'
Expected: '"How are things?" It was a deadlock.'
Actual:   '``howarethings?'' Itwasadeadlock.'
Type: Other error

Error #1419:
Input:    'snooper brome's big hand held an ugly revolver which covered storm, and storm's little automatic was steadily focused on mr.'
Expected: 'Snooper Brome's big hand held an ugly revolver which covered Storm, and Storm's little automatic was steadily focused on Mr.'
Actual:   'Snooperbrome'sbighandheldanuglyrevolverwhichcoveredstorm,andstorm'slittleautomaticwassteadilyfocusedonMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1420:
Input:    'brome's rainbow waistcoat.'
Expected: 'Brome's rainbow waistcoat.'
Actual:   'Brome'srainbowwaistcoat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1421:
Input:    'so they stood without movement, with every nerve keyed and strained to humming pitch, while their eyes never swerved a fraction of a millimetre from each other's trigger finger.'
Expected: 'So they stood without movement, with every nerve keyed and strained to humming pitch, while their eyes never swerved a fraction of a millimetre from each other's trigger finger.'
Actual:   'Sotheystoodwithoutmovement,witheverynervekeyedandstrainedtohummingpitch,whiletheireyesneverswervedafractionofamillimetrefromeachother'striggerfinger.'
Type: Other error

Error #1422:
Input:    'moments passed with the glittering clarity of crystal drops falling in a bottomless pit....'
Expected: 'Moments passed with the glittering clarity of crystal drops falling in a bottomless pit....'
Actual:   'Momentspassedwiththeglitteringclarityofcrystaldropsfallinginabottomlesspit....'
Type: Other error

Error #1423:
Input:    '"what are you doing?" asked mr.'
Expected: '"What are you doing?" asked Mr.'
Actual:   '``whatareyoudoing?'' AskedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1424:
Input:    'brome, though the question was rather unnecessary.'
Expected: 'Brome, though the question was rather unnecessary.'
Actual:   'Brome,thoughthequestionwasratherunnecessary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1425:
Input:    'he looked pale, and his mane of black hair was more unruly than usual.'
Expected: 'He looked pale, and his mane of black hair was more unruly than usual.'
Actual:   'Helookedpale,andhismaneofblackhairwasmoreunrulythanusual.'
Type: Other error

Error #1426:
Input:    '"i might ask the same question," remarked storm.'
Expected: '"I might ask the same question," remarked Storm.'
Actual:   '``imightaskthesamequestion,''remarkedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1427:
Input:    'their eyes met over the blue-black gleam of their weapons--storm's glinting metallically over his improvised mask, snooper's blue ones cold and level.'
Expected: 'Their eyes met over the blue-black gleam of their weapons--Storm's glinting metallically over his improvised mask, Snooper's blue ones cold and level.'
Actual:   'Theireyesmetovertheblue-blackgleamoftheirweapons -- storm'sglintingmetallicallyoverhisimprovisedmask,snooper'sblueonescoldandlevel.'
Type: Other error

Error #1428:
Input:    'and storm saw snooper's first finger whiten over the knuckle...'
Expected: 'And Storm saw Snooper's first finger whiten over the knuckle...'
Actual:   'Andstormsawsnooper'sfirstfingerwhitenovertheknuckle...'
Type: Other error

Error #1429:
Input:    'saw the slight backward tremble of the hammer of his revolver.'
Expected: 'saw the slight backward tremble of the hammer of his revolver.'
Actual:   'Sawtheslightbackwardtrembleofthehammerofhisrevolver.'
Type: Other error

Error #1430:
Input:    '"don't be a fool!" he snapped tensely.'
Expected: '"Don't be a fool!" he snapped tensely.'
Actual:   '``don'tbeafool!'' Hesnappedtensely.'
Type: Other error

Error #1431:
Input:    '"an automatic's quicker than an uncocked revolver.'
Expected: '"An automatic's quicker than an uncocked revolver.'
Actual:   '``anautomatic'squickerthananuncockedrevolver.'
Type: Other error

Error #1432:
Input:    'i can shoot a fraction of a second before you can, and i never miss!" snooper's finger relaxed, and the masked man rose slowly from his crouching position.'
Expected: 'I can shoot a fraction of a second before you can, and I never miss!" Snooper's finger relaxed, and the masked man rose slowly from his crouching position.'
Actual:   'Icanshootafractionofasecondbeforeyoucan,andinevermiss!'' Snooper'sfingerrelaxed,andthemaskedmanroseslowlyfromhiscrouchingposition.'
Type: Other error

Error #1433:
Input:    '"that's why you'll drop that gat," went on storm's monotonous, unrecognisable voice.'
Expected: '"That's why you'll drop that gat," went on Storm's monotonous, unrecognisable voice.'
Actual:   '``that'swhyyou'lldropthatgat,''wentonstorm'smonotonous,unrecognisablevoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1434:
Input:    'it was perfectly level, and yet he was playing the most terrific gamble of nerve in his career.'
Expected: 'It was perfectly level, and yet he was playing the most terrific gamble of nerve in his career.'
Actual:   'Itwasperfectlylevel,andyethewasplayingthemostterrificgambleofnerveinhiscareer.'
Type: Other error

Error #1435:
Input:    'he was banking, betting, coldly and unruffledly threatening on the infinitesimal margin of time's advantage the difference of weapons gave him.'
Expected: 'He was banking, betting, coldly and unruffledly threatening on the infinitesimal margin of time's advantage the difference of weapons gave him.'
Actual:   'Hewasbanking,betting,coldlyandunruffledlythreateningontheinfinitesimalmarginoftime'sadvantagethedifferenceofweaponsgavehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1436:
Input:    '"you're poaching, snooper.'
Expected: '"You're poaching, Snooper.'
Actual:   '``you'repoaching,snooper.'
Type: Other error

Error #1437:
Input:    'your business is to fence, not to crack cribs yourself...'
Expected: 'Your business is to fence, not to crack cribs yourself...'
Actual:   'Yourbusinessistofence,nottocrackcribsyourself...'
Type: Other error

Error #1438:
Input:    'taking the bread out of the poor burglar's mouth....'
Expected: 'taking the bread out of the poor burglar's mouth....'
Actual:   'Takingthebreadoutofthepoorburglar'smouth....'
Type: Other error

Error #1439:
Input:    'i shall have to report you to the larcenists' union, snooper, really i shall...." his voice trailed away.'
Expected: 'I shall have to report you to the Larcenists' Union, Snooper, really I shall...." His voice trailed away.'
Actual:   'Ishallhavetoreportyoutothelarcenists'union,snooper,reallyishall....''hisvoicetrailedaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1440:
Input:    'brome slackened the muscles of his forearm preparatory to making his own gamble, for he knew how desperate was his position.'
Expected: 'Brome slackened the muscles of his forearm preparatory to making his own gamble, for he knew how desperate was his position.'
Actual:   'Bromeslackenedthemusclesofhisforearmpreparatorytomakinghisowngamble,forheknewhowdesperatewashisposition.'
Type: Other error

Error #1441:
Input:    'and yet he need not have been afraid, for storm had taken one of those swift, inspirational, entirely characteristic decisions of his.'
Expected: 'And yet he need not have been afraid, for Storm had taken one of those swift, inspirational, entirely characteristic decisions of his.'
Actual:   'Andyetheneednothavebeenafraid,forstormhadtakenoneofthoseswift,inspirational,entirelycharacteristicdecisionsofhis.'
Type: Other error

Error #1442:
Input:    'but, not knowing this, eddie brome watched keenly for the faintest wavering of the gun-metal grey eyes....'
Expected: 'But, not knowing this, Eddie Brome watched keenly for the faintest wavering of the gun-metal grey eyes....'
Actual:   'But,notknowingthis,eddiebromewatchedkeenlyforthefaintestwaveringofthegun-metalgreyeyes....'
Type: Other error

Error #1443:
Input:    'he stirred slightly, and the _crack!_ of another speck of potassium chlorate under his foot was like a gunshot in the stillness.'
Expected: 'He stirred slightly, and the _crack!_ of another speck of potassium chlorate under his foot was like a gunshot in the stillness.'
Actual:   'Hestirredslightly,andthe_crack!_ofanotherspeckofpotassiumchlorateunderhisfootwaslikeagunshotinthestillness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1444:
Input:    'for a decimal of a split second it distracted his attention.'
Expected: 'For a decimal of a split second it distracted his attention.'
Actual:   'Foradecimalofasplitseconditdistractedhisattention.'
Type: Other error

Error #1445:
Input:    'a fine tongue of flame licked out from the muzzle of storm's automatic, and the roar of the explosion was shattering.'
Expected: 'A fine tongue of flame licked out from the muzzle of Storm's automatic, and the roar of the explosion was shattering.'
Actual:   'Afinetongueofflamelickedoutfromthemuzzleofstorm'sautomatic,andtheroaroftheexplosionwasshattering.'
Type: Other error

Error #1446:
Input:    'the bullet struck brome's revolver from his hand, and it clattered to the floor while his arm fell limply to his side, suddenly paralysed by the shock.'
Expected: 'The bullet struck Brome's revolver from his hand, and it clattered to the floor while his arm fell limply to his side, suddenly paralysed by the shock.'
Actual:   'Thebulletstruckbrome'srevolverfromhishand,anditclatteredtothefloorwhilehisarmfelllimplytohisside,suddenlyparalysedbytheshock.'
Type: Other error

Error #1447:
Input:    'storm dropped his gun into his pocket and leapt.'
Expected: 'Storm dropped his gun into his pocket and leapt.'
Actual:   'Stormdroppedhisgunintohispocketandleapt.'
Type: Other error

Error #1448:
Input:    'his fist crashed into snooper's face, and the big man slid limply to the ground.'
Expected: 'His fist crashed into Snooper's face, and the big man slid limply to the ground.'
Actual:   'Hisfistcrashedintosnooper'sface,andthebigmanslidlimplytotheground.'
Type: Other error

Error #1449:
Input:    'storm had his back to the drawn curtains, and behind him he heard, quite distinctly, a stifled gasp.'
Expected: 'Storm had his back to the drawn curtains, and behind him he heard, quite distinctly, a stifled gasp.'
Actual:   'Stormhadhisbacktothedrawncurtains,andbehindhimheheard,quitedistinctly,astifledgasp.'
Type: Other error

Error #1450:
Input:    'in one lightning spring he was beside the window, his back flattened against the wall, watching and listening.'
Expected: 'In one lightning spring he was beside the window, his back flattened against the wall, watching and listening.'
Actual:   'Inonelightningspringhewasbesidethewindow,hisbackflattenedagainstthewall,watchingandlistening.'
Type: Other error

Error #1451:
Input:    'no one entered, and he drew back the edge of the curtain a centimetre.'
Expected: 'No one entered, and he drew back the edge of the curtain a centimetre.'
Actual:   'Nooneentered,andhedrewbacktheedgeofthecurtainacentimetre.'
Type: Other error

Error #1452:
Input:    'there was nothing to be seen, but as he let the cloth fall back he caught the gentle crunch of stealthy footsteps on gravel.'
Expected: 'There was nothing to be seen, but as he let the cloth fall back he caught the gentle crunch of stealthy footsteps on gravel.'
Actual:   'Therewasnothingtobeseen,butashelettheclothfallbackhecaughtthegentlecrunchofstealthyfootstepsongravel.'
Type: Other error

Error #1453:
Input:    'he was across the room in a flash, had turned out the lights, and was back at the window.'
Expected: 'He was across the room in a flash, had turned out the lights, and was back at the window.'
Actual:   'Hewasacrosstheroominaflash,hadturnedoutthelights,andwasbackatthewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1454:
Input:    'he slipped between the curtains and swung himself out, dropping to the path with hardly a sound.'
Expected: 'He slipped between the curtains and swung himself out, dropping to the path with hardly a sound.'
Actual:   'Heslippedbetweenthecurtainsandswunghimselfout,droppingtothepathwithhardlyasound.'
Type: Other error

Error #1455:
Input:    'at the corner of the building a dim grey shape moved suddenly and vanished.'
Expected: 'At the corner of the building a dim grey shape moved suddenly and vanished.'
Actual:   'Atthecornerofthebuildingadimgreyshapemovedsuddenlyandvanished.'
Type: Other error

Error #1456:
Input:    'storm jumped the path and raced along the turf to where he had seen the figure.'
Expected: 'Storm jumped the path and raced along the turf to where he had seen the figure.'
Actual:   'Stormjumpedthepathandracedalongtheturftowherehehadseenthefigure.'
Type: Other error

Error #1457:
Input:    'there was no sign of it, but he could glimpse the small area in front of the house, and he saw the two black burly forms which pounded up the tiled approach, their lanterns dancing as they ran.'
Expected: 'There was no sign of it, but he could glimpse the small area in front of the house, and he saw the two black burly forms which pounded up the tiled approach, their lanterns dancing as they ran.'
Actual:   'Therewasnosignofit,buthecouldglimpsethesmallareainfrontofthehouse,andhesawthetwoblackburlyformswhichpoundedupthetiledapproach,theirlanternsdancingastheyran.'
Type: Other error

Error #1458:
Input:    '"damn these police....'
Expected: '"Damn these police....'
Actual:   '``damnthesepolice....'
Type: Other error

Error #1459:
Input:    'but it's no use getting rattled, horace!" he murmured.'
Expected: 'But it's no use getting rattled, Horace!" he murmured.'
Actual:   'Butit'snousegettingrattled,horace!'' Hemurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #1460:
Input:    'with which sound piece of philosophy he doubled back to the window and returned to the room he had left.'
Expected: 'With which sound piece of philosophy he doubled back to the window and returned to the room he had left.'
Actual:   'Withwhichsoundpieceofphilosophyhedoubledbacktothewindowandreturnedtotheroomhehadleft.'
Type: Other error

Error #1461:
Input:    'his one shot had already raised the alarm, and he had much to do, yet he moved without flurry.'
Expected: 'His one shot had already raised the alarm, and he had much to do, yet he moved without flurry.'
Actual:   'Hisoneshothadalreadyraisedthealarm,andhehadmuchtodo,yethemovedwithoutflurry.'
Type: Other error

Error #1462:
Input:    'on the floor in front of the safe he continued his interrupted task by the light of his torch.'
Expected: 'On the floor in front of the safe he continued his interrupted task by the light of his torch.'
Actual:   'Onthefloorinfrontofthesafehecontinuedhisinterruptedtaskbythelightofhistorch.'
Type: Other error

Error #1463:
Input:    'it was finished in a few moments, and then he closed the safe and replaced the wallet of tools in his pocket.'
Expected: 'It was finished in a few moments, and then he closed the safe and replaced the wallet of tools in his pocket.'
Actual:   'Itwasfinishedinafewmoments,andthenheclosedthesafeandreplacedthewalletoftoolsinhispocket.'
Type: Other error

Error #1464:
Input:    'as he crossed to the door he saw that snooper had vanished and, on the strength of his decision, was glad that he had not hit the fence harder.'
Expected: 'As he crossed to the door he saw that Snooper had vanished and, on the strength of his decision, was glad that he had not hit the fence harder.'
Actual:   'Ashecrossedtothedoorhesawthatsnooperhadvanishedand,onthestrengthofhisdecision,wasgladthathehadnothitthefenceharder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1465:
Input:    'there was, however, small time for these reflections, for the constables outside were already thundering on the front door.'
Expected: 'There was, however, small time for these reflections, for the constables outside were already thundering on the front door.'
Actual:   'Therewas,however,smalltimeforthesereflections,fortheconstablesoutsidewerealreadythunderingonthefrontdoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #1466:
Input:    'he flitted upstairs like a shadow, temporarily unperturbed by the problem of how he was to escape, and made a speedy, methodical search of all the upstairs rooms.'
Expected: 'He flitted upstairs like a shadow, temporarily unperturbed by the problem of how he was to escape, and made a speedy, methodical search of all the upstairs rooms.'
Actual:   'Heflittedupstairslikeashadow,temporarilyunperturbedbytheproblemofhowhewastoescape,andmadeaspeedy,methodicalsearchofalltheupstairsrooms.'
Type: Other error

Error #1467:
Input:    'the door of one remained shut when he turned the handle noiselessly, and from within came a faint sound of cautious movement.'
Expected: 'The door of one remained shut when he turned the handle noiselessly, and from within came a faint sound of cautious movement.'
Actual:   'Thedoorofoneremainedshutwhenheturnedthehandlenoiselessly,andfromwithincameafaintsoundofcautiousmovement.'
Type: Other error

Error #1468:
Input:    'coolly he twisted into the next room, and, looking out and down, he saw the policemen climb in through the window he had left open for his own bolt-hole.'
Expected: 'Coolly he twisted into the next room, and, looking out and down, he saw the policemen climb in through the window he had left open for his own bolt-hole.'
Actual:   'Coollyhetwistedintothenextroom,and,lookingoutanddown,hesawthepolicemenclimbinthroughthewindowhehadleftopenforhisownbolt-hole.'
Type: Other error

Error #1469:
Input:    '"jerusalem!" he breathed.'
Expected: '"Jerusalem!" he breathed.'
Actual:   '``jerusalem!'' Hebreathed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1470:
Input:    '"they've both gone in--the poor, damned boobs!'
Expected: '"They've both gone in--the poor, damned boobs!'
Actual:   '``they'vebothgonein -- thepoor,damnedboobs!'
Type: Other error

Error #1471:
Input:    'i ought to take their numbers, really, and report them for incompetence....'
Expected: 'I ought to take their numbers, really, and report them for incompetence....'
Actual:   'Ioughttotaketheirnumbers,really,andreportthemforincompetence....'
Type: Other error

Error #1472:
Input:    'however...." he flung a leg over the sill and looked up, for although his way of escape was temporarily clear he was anxious to see the man in the adjoining room.'
Expected: 'However...." He flung a leg over the sill and looked up, for although his way of escape was temporarily clear he was anxious to see the man in the adjoining room.'
Actual:   'However....''heflungalegoverthesillandlookedup,foralthoughhiswayofescapewastemporarilyclearhewasanxioustoseethemanintheadjoiningroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1473:
Input:    'above his head ran a stout gutter, and, testing it with his weight, he decided that it would hold.'
Expected: 'Above his head ran a stout gutter, and, testing it with his weight, he decided that it would hold.'
Actual:   'Abovehisheadranastoutgutter,and,testingitwithhisweight,hedecidedthatitwouldhold.'
Type: Other error

Error #1474:
Input:    'he swung out into space and risked his way along the side of the building.'
Expected: 'He swung out into space and risked his way along the side of the building.'
Actual:   'Heswungoutintospaceandriskedhiswayalongthesideofthebuilding.'
Type: Other error

Error #1475:
Input:    'in a few hair-raising seconds he could see into one corner of the lighted room, and then a loose section of pipe rattled in his hand, and the blind whirred down almost in his face.'
Expected: 'In a few hair-raising seconds he could see into one corner of the lighted room, and then a loose section of pipe rattled in his hand, and the blind whirred down almost in his face.'
Actual:   'Inafewhair-raisingsecondshecouldseeintoonecornerofthelightedroom,andthenaloosesectionofpiperattledinhishand,andtheblindwhirreddownalmostinhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #1476:
Input:    'without hesitation he turned and made his way as swiftly as he dared back to the window he had left.'
Expected: 'Without hesitation he turned and made his way as swiftly as he dared back to the window he had left.'
Actual:   'Withouthesitationheturnedandmadehiswayasswiftlyashedaredbacktothewindowhehadleft.'
Type: Other error

Error #1477:
Input:    'he got his legs inside, and then grabbed the top of the sash and wrenched his body down and inwards with all his strength.'
Expected: 'He got his legs inside, and then grabbed the top of the sash and wrenched his body down and inwards with all his strength.'
Actual:   'Hegothislegsinside,andthengrabbedthetopofthesashandwrenchedhisbodydownandinwardswithallhisstrength.'
Type: Other error

Error #1478:
Input:    'even as he did so, the shot he had feared and sought thus to dodge rang out, and something seared across his shoulder.'
Expected: 'Even as he did so, the shot he had feared and sought thus to dodge rang out, and something seared across his shoulder.'
Actual:   'Evenashedidso,theshothehadfearedandsoughtthustododgerangout,andsomethingsearedacrosshisshoulder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1479:
Input:    '"here--none of that, sir!" commanded a voice, and the next instant the lights went up.'
Expected: '"Here--none of that, sir!" commanded a voice, and the next instant the lights went up.'
Actual:   '``here -- noneofthat,sir!'' Commandedavoice,andthenextinstantthelightswentup.'
Type: Other error

Error #1480:
Input:    'raegenssen stood on the threshold, cold murder flaming in his eyes.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen stood on the threshold, cold murder flaming in his eyes.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenstoodonthethreshold,coldmurderflaminginhiseyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1481:
Input:    'behind him were the two constables, holding him back, and one of them was clutching the swede's wrist to prevent him firing the second round he was wrestling and straining to loose off.'
Expected: 'Behind him were the two constables, holding him back, and one of them was clutching the Swede's wrist to prevent him firing the second round he was wrestling and straining to loose off.'
Actual:   'Behindhimwerethetwoconstables,holdinghimback,andoneofthemwasclutchingtheswede'swristtopreventhimfiringthesecondroundhewaswrestlingandstrainingtolooseoff.'
Type: Other error

Error #1482:
Input:    'he was in evening dress, with his mane of fair hair dishevelled and his viking beard awry with the struggle.'
Expected: 'He was in evening dress, with his mane of fair hair dishevelled and his Viking beard awry with the struggle.'
Actual:   'Hewasineveningdress,withhismaneoffairhairdishevelledandhisvikingbeardawrywiththestruggle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1483:
Input:    '"take that man!" he screamed, and one of the constables released his hold and came towards storm.'
Expected: '"Take that man!" he screamed, and one of the constables released his hold and came towards Storm.'
Actual:   '``takethatman!'' Hescreamed,andoneoftheconstablesreleasedhisholdandcametowardsstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1484:
Input:    '"dear me," murmured storm.'
Expected: '"Dear me," murmured Storm.'
Actual:   '``dearme,''murmuredstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1485:
Input:    '"siegfried, my pelican, you seem annoyed!" his hand went to his pocket, and whipped into view again immediately with a vision of snarling death.'
Expected: '"Siegfried, my Pelican, you seem annoyed!" His hand went to his pocket, and whipped into view again immediately with a vision of snarling death.'
Actual:   '``siegfried,mypelican,youseemannoyed!'' Hishandwenttohispocket,andwhippedintoviewagainimmediatelywithavisionofsnarlingdeath.'
Type: Other error

Error #1486:
Input:    'he fired in between the men until the magazine was exhausted, and for a moment they recoiled instinctively.'
Expected: 'He fired in between the men until the magazine was exhausted, and for a moment they recoiled instinctively.'
Actual:   'Hefiredinbetweenthemenuntilthemagazinewasexhausted,andforamomenttheyrecoiledinstinctively.'
Type: Other error

Error #1487:
Input:    'it gave him his chance.'
Expected: 'It gave him his chance.'
Actual:   'Itgavehimhischance.'
Type: Other error

Error #1488:
Input:    'with a light laugh he leapt for the little group in the doorway.'
Expected: 'With a light laugh he leapt for the little group in the doorway.'
Actual:   'Withalightlaughheleaptforthelittlegroupinthedoorway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1489:
Input:    'raegenssen staggered back from the sideways smash of storm's elbow, and in the same movement storm hit one of the policemen regretfully but scientifically on the point of the jaw.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen staggered back from the sideways smash of Storm's elbow, and in the same movement Storm hit one of the policemen regretfully but scientifically on the point of the jaw.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenstaggeredbackfromthesidewayssmashofstorm'selbow,andinthesamemovementstormhitoneofthepolicemenregretfullybutscientificallyonthepointofthejaw.'
Type: Other error

Error #1490:
Input:    'an instant later he was sprinting down the passage.'
Expected: 'An instant later he was sprinting down the passage.'
Actual:   'Aninstantlaterhewassprintingdownthepassage.'
Type: Other error

Error #1491:
Input:    'he sprang to the banisters, and went whirling down, as the swede fired again.'
Expected: 'He sprang to the banisters, and went whirling down, as the Swede fired again.'
Actual:   'Hesprangtothebanisters,andwentwhirlingdown,astheswedefiredagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #1492:
Input:    'the bullet sang harmlessly past storm's head, and a whistle shrilled urgently.'
Expected: 'The bullet sang harmlessly past Storm's head, and a whistle shrilled urgently.'
Actual:   'Thebulletsangharmlesslypaststorm'shead,andawhistleshrilledurgently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1493:
Input:    'the three men came stumbling down in his wake, but he had the start of them, and he had ducked back into the shadows of the hall and vanished into the library before they could switch on the downstairs lights.'
Expected: 'The three men came stumbling down in his wake, but he had the start of them, and he had ducked back into the shadows of the hall and vanished into the library before they could switch on the downstairs lights.'
Actual:   'Thethreemencamestumblingdowninhiswake,buthehadthestartofthem,andhehadduckedbackintotheshadowsofthehallandvanishedintothelibrarybeforetheycouldswitchonthedownstairslights.'
Type: Other error

Error #1494:
Input:    'they were still groping about when he passed through the still open window and scudded across the back lawn the way he had come.'
Expected: 'They were still groping about when he passed through the still open window and scudded across the back lawn the way he had come.'
Actual:   'Theywerestillgropingaboutwhenhepassedthroughthestillopenwindowandscuddedacrossthebacklawnthewayhehadcome.'
Type: Other error

Error #1495:
Input:    'he found his car, stripped off his disguise, and had his hand on the door when he noticed that there was someone huddled up in the front seat.'
Expected: 'He found his car, stripped off his disguise, and had his hand on the door when he noticed that there was someone huddled up in the front seat.'
Actual:   'Hefoundhiscar,strippedoffhisdisguise,andhadhishandonthedoorwhenhenoticedthattherewassomeonehuddledupinthefrontseat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1496:
Input:    'he glanced keenly around him, and then kept his right hand on the gun in his pocket as he turned his electric flash on the face of the intruder.'
Expected: 'He glanced keenly around him, and then kept his right hand on the gun in his pocket as he turned his electric flash on the face of the intruder.'
Actual:   'Heglancedkeenlyaroundhim,andthenkepthisrighthandontheguninhispocketasheturnedhiselectricflashonthefaceoftheintruder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1497:
Input:    '"hullo, kit," said susan calmly, when he had disposed of the police raegenssen collected the papers from his safe and studied each one of them closely.'
Expected: '"Hullo, Kit," said Susan calmly, When he had disposed of the police Raegenssen collected the papers from his safe and studied each one of them closely.'
Actual:   '``hullo,kit,''saidsusancalmly,whenhehaddisposedofthepoliceraegenssencollectedthepapersfromhissafeandstudiedeachoneofthemclosely.'
Type: Other error

Error #1498:
Input:    'then he replaced them and went to the kitchen at the back of the house, where he brewed himself some coffee, and, armed with this, returned to the library and lighted a cigar.'
Expected: 'Then he replaced them and went to the kitchen at the back of the house, where he brewed himself some coffee, and, armed with this, returned to the library and lighted a cigar.'
Actual:   'Thenhereplacedthemandwenttothekitchenatthebackofthehouse,wherehebrewedhimselfsomecoffee,and,armedwiththis,returnedtothelibraryandlightedacigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1499:
Input:    'half-way through the smoke he discarded the stump fastidiously and rose.'
Expected: 'Half-way through the smoke he discarded the stump fastidiously and rose.'
Actual:   'Half-waythroughthesmokehediscardedthestumpfastidiouslyandrose.'
Type: Other error

Error #1500:
Input:    'at one end of the room was a small writing-desk, which he unlocked, drawing down the folding front.'
Expected: 'At one end of the room was a small writing-desk, which he unlocked, drawing down the folding front.'
Actual:   'Atoneendoftheroomwasasmallwriting-desk,whichheunlocked,drawingdownthefoldingfront.'
Type: Other error

Error #1501:
Input:    'then he took off his coat and white waistcoat and began to work.'
Expected: 'Then he took off his coat and white waistcoat and began to work.'
Actual:   'Thenhetookoffhiscoatandwhitewaistcoatandbegantowork.'
Type: Other error

Error #1502:
Input:    'a tiny reading-lamp on the top of the desk was all the light in the room.'
Expected: 'A tiny reading-lamp on the top of the desk was all the light in the room.'
Actual:   'Atinyreading-lamponthetopofthedeskwasallthelightintheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1503:
Input:    'he looked a grotesque figure, his leonine head stooped over his work, his glasses perched precariously on the end of his nose, his protruding tongue following the movements of his hands, with the direct light bringing out his angular face in high relief.'
Expected: 'He looked a grotesque figure, his leonine head stooped over his work, his glasses perched precariously on the end of his nose, his protruding tongue following the movements of his hands, with the direct light bringing out his angular face in high relief.'
Actual:   'Helookedagrotesquefigure,hisleonineheadstoopedoverhiswork,hisglassesperchedprecariouslyontheendofhisnose,hisprotrudingtonguefollowingthemovementsofhishands,withthedirectlightbringingouthisangularfaceinhighrelief.'
Type: Other error

Error #1504:
Input:    'it was two hours later that he heard the sound--the creak of a board under a wary foot.'
Expected: 'It was two hours later that he heard the sound--the creak of a board under a wary foot.'
Actual:   'Itwastwohourslaterthatheheardthesound -- thecreakofaboardunderawaryfoot.'
Type: Other error

Error #1505:
Input:    'he laid down his stylo carefully and switched out the reading-lamp.'
Expected: 'He laid down his stylo carefully and switched out the reading-lamp.'
Actual:   'Helaiddownhisstylocarefullyandswitchedoutthereading-lamp.'
Type: Other error

Error #1506:
Input:    'on the threshold of the library he halted.'
Expected: 'On the threshold of the library he halted.'
Actual:   'Onthethresholdofthelibraryhehalted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1507:
Input:    'the hall was in darkness.'
Expected: 'The hall was in darkness.'
Actual:   'Thehallwasindarkness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1508:
Input:    'facing him, though he could not see them, were three doors, and he had left each one of them slightly ajar.'
Expected: 'Facing him, though he could not see them, were three doors, and he had left each one of them slightly ajar.'
Actual:   'Facinghim,thoughhecouldnotseethem,werethreedoors,andhehadlefteachoneofthemslightlyajar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1509:
Input:    'almost certainly his study would be the goal of this new trespasser, he decided, and passed over the heavy carpet without sound.'
Expected: 'Almost certainly his study would be the goal of this new trespasser, he decided, and passed over the heavy carpet without sound.'
Actual:   'Almostcertainlyhisstudywouldbethegoalofthisnewtrespasser,hedecided,andpassedovertheheavycarpetwithoutsound.'
Type: Other error

Error #1510:
Input:    'he was just outside the study door when he heard a curious noise--three deliberate claps.'
Expected: 'He was just outside the study door when he heard a curious noise--three deliberate claps.'
Actual:   'Hewasjustoutsidethestudydoorwhenheheardacuriousnoise -- threedeliberateclaps.'
Type: Other error

Error #1511:
Input:    'it was so obviously designed to attract attention that another man would have paused, but raegenssen was a man without fear.'
Expected: 'It was so obviously designed to attract attention that another man would have paused, but Raegenssen was a man without fear.'
Actual:   'Itwassoobviouslydesignedtoattractattentionthatanothermanwouldhavepaused,butraegenssenwasamanwithoutfear.'
Type: Other error

Error #1512:
Input:    'he slid through the opening and stood with his back to the wall, every sense on the alert.'
Expected: 'He slid through the opening and stood with his back to the wall, every sense on the alert.'
Actual:   'Heslidthroughtheopeningandstoodwithhisbacktothewall,everysenseonthealert.'
Type: Other error

Error #1513:
Input:    '"who iss that?" he demanded.'
Expected: '"Who iss that?" he demanded.'
Actual:   '``whoissthat?'' Hedemanded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1514:
Input:    '"wouldn't you like to know?" boomed back a mocking voice.'
Expected: '"Wouldn't you like to know?" boomed back a mocking voice.'
Actual:   '``wouldn'tyouliketoknow?'' Boomedbackamockingvoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1515:
Input:    'it was disguised, yet there was something familiar in it which he could not place.'
Expected: 'It was disguised, yet there was something familiar in it which he could not place.'
Actual:   'Itwasdisguised,yettherewassomethingfamiliarinitwhichhecouldnotplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #1516:
Input:    'his searching fingers located the electric light switch, but he flicked the lever over and back without results.'
Expected: 'His searching fingers located the electric light switch, but he flicked the lever over and back without results.'
Actual:   'Hissearchingfingerslocatedtheelectriclightswitch,butheflickedtheleveroverandbackwithoutresults.'
Type: Other error

Error #1517:
Input:    'the wires were cut--he found the loose ends hanging free a foot further down.'
Expected: 'The wires were cut--he found the loose ends hanging free a foot further down.'
Actual:   'Thewireswerecut -- hefoundthelooseendshangingfreeafootfurtherdown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1518:
Input:    '"what is...?" he said.'
Expected: '"What is...?" he said.'
Actual:   '``whatis...?'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1519:
Input:    'and then came a rollicking chuckle that, unemotional as he was, seemed to set a fine thread of ice vibrating in his spine.'
Expected: 'And then came a rollicking chuckle that, unemotional as he was, seemed to set a fine thread of ice vibrating in his spine.'
Actual:   'Andthencamearollickingchucklethat,unemotionalashewas,seemedtosetafinethreadoficevibratinginhisspine.'
Type: Other error

Error #1520:
Input:    '"maddock!" he roared uncertainly, and then he saw a shadow move, and stumbled forward.'
Expected: '"Maddock!" he roared uncertainly, and then he saw a shadow move, and stumbled forward.'
Actual:   '``maddock!'' Heroareduncertainly,andthenhesawashadowmove,andstumbledforward.'
Type: Other error

Error #1521:
Input:    'he touched cloth, and with a deep-throated grunt he closed.'
Expected: 'He touched cloth, and with a deep-throated grunt he closed.'
Actual:   'Hetouchedcloth,andwithadeep-throatedgruntheclosed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1522:
Input:    'the unknown struck at him with something that whistled as it fell, but raegenssen bowed his head and the life-preserver thudded agonisingly into his shoulder instead of into his skull.'
Expected: 'The unknown struck at him with something that whistled as it fell, but Raegenssen bowed his head and the life-preserver thudded agonisingly into his shoulder instead of into his skull.'
Actual:   'Theunknownstruckathimwithsomethingthatwhistledasitfell,butraegenssenbowedhisheadandthelife-preserverthuddedagonisinglyintohisshoulderinsteadofintohisskull.'
Type: Other error

Error #1523:
Input:    'he grabbed the striker's hand, and for a short while they swayed and panted in the darkness.'
Expected: 'He grabbed the striker's hand, and for a short while they swayed and panted in the darkness.'
Actual:   'Hegrabbedthestriker'shand,andforashortwhiletheyswayedandpantedinthedarkness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1524:
Input:    'his opponent was heavy and strong above the average, but he was no match for the giant swede.'
Expected: 'His opponent was heavy and strong above the average, but he was no match for the giant Swede.'
Actual:   'Hisopponentwasheavyandstrongabovetheaverage,buthewasnomatchforthegiantswede.'
Type: Other error

Error #1525:
Input:    'presently they fell together, and raegenssen heaved himself astride the writhing man and sought to gather in the arms that struck viciously at him.'
Expected: 'Presently they fell together, and Raegenssen heaved himself astride the writhing man and sought to gather in the arms that struck viciously at him.'
Actual:   'Presentlytheyfelltogether,andraegenssenheavedhimselfastridethewrithingmanandsoughttogatherinthearmsthatstruckviciouslyathim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1526:
Input:    '"now we shall see," he growled, and then a chance blow crashed into his solar plexus and he rolled limply away, gasping in a torment of nausea.'
Expected: '"Now we shall see," he growled, and then a chance blow crashed into his solar plexus and he rolled limply away, gasping in a torment of nausea.'
Actual:   '``nowweshallsee,''hegrowled,andthenachanceblowcrashedintohissolarplexusandherolledlimplyaway,gaspinginatormentofnausea.'
Type: Other error

Error #1527:
Input:    'it was some minutes before he could rise, his great chest heaving painfully, and by that time he knew that the unknown had gone.'
Expected: 'It was some minutes before he could rise, his great chest heaving painfully, and by that time he knew that the unknown had gone.'
Actual:   'Itwassomeminutesbeforehecouldrise,hisgreatchestheavingpainfully,andbythattimeheknewthattheunknownhadgone.'
Type: Other error

Error #1528:
Input:    'he reeled across the hall, bent almost double, and snapped on the lights in his library.'
Expected: 'He reeled across the hall, bent almost double, and snapped on the lights in his library.'
Actual:   'Hereeledacrossthehall,bentalmostdouble,andsnappedonthelightsinhislibrary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1529:
Input:    'every drawer and cupboard had been hurriedly rifled, and their contents strewn on the floor, but he gave the damage scarcely a glance.'
Expected: 'Every drawer and cupboard had been hurriedly rifled, and their contents strewn on the floor, but he gave the damage scarcely a glance.'
Actual:   'Everydrawerandcupboardhadbeenhurriedlyrifled,andtheircontentsstrewnonthefloor,buthegavethedamagescarcelyaglance.'
Type: Other error

Error #1530:
Input:    'from among the wreckage he retrieved a flashlight and went back to the study, switching on the lights in the hall on his way.'
Expected: 'From among the wreckage he retrieved a flashlight and went back to the study, switching on the lights in the hall on his way.'
Actual:   'Fromamongthewreckageheretrievedaflashlightandwentbacktothestudy,switchingonthelightsinthehallonhisway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1531:
Input:    'he went over every inch of the room in search of anything his late visitor might have lost in the struggle, and it was quite early in his hunt that he saw something winking up at him from the carpet.'
Expected: 'He went over every inch of the room in search of anything his late visitor might have lost in the struggle, and it was quite early in his hunt that he saw something winking up at him from the carpet.'
Actual:   'Hewentovereveryinchoftheroominsearchofanythinghislatevisitormighthavelostinthestruggle,anditwasquiteearlyinhishuntthathesawsomethingwinkingupathimfromthecarpet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1532:
Input:    'it was a little silver triangle.'
Expected: 'It was a little silver triangle.'
Actual:   'Itwasalittlesilvertriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1533:
Input:    'chapter ix specimens of journalese storm trod on the self-starter.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER IX SPECIMENS OF JOURNALESE Storm trod on the self-starter.'
Actual:   'Chapterixspecimensofjournalesestormtrodontheself-starter.'
Type: Other error

Error #1534:
Input:    'the powerful engine woke to life with no more than a whispering purr.'
Expected: 'The powerful engine woke to life with no more than a whispering purr.'
Actual:   'Thepowerfulenginewoketolifewithnomorethanawhisperingpurr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1535:
Input:    'like a long shadow the hirondel slid out of the cart track and down the deserted road between ghostly files of street lamps.'
Expected: 'Like a long shadow the Hirondel slid out of the cart track and down the deserted road between ghostly files of street lamps.'
Actual:   'Likealongshadowthehirondelslidoutofthecarttrackanddownthedesertedroadbetweenghostlyfilesofstreetlamps.'
Type: Other error

Error #1536:
Input:    'he switched on his lights as he turned into the finchley road.'
Expected: 'He switched on his lights as he turned into the Finchley Road.'
Actual:   'Heswitchedonhislightsasheturnedintothefinchleyroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #1537:
Input:    'it had been a merry evening, and not without those thrilling moments after which his heart yearned; and it had left him with things to ponder.'
Expected: 'It had been a merry evening, and not without those thrilling moments after which his heart yearned; and it had left him with things to ponder.'
Actual:   'Ithadbeenamerryevening,andnotwithoutthosethrillingmomentsafterwhichhisheartyearned;andithadlefthimwiththingstoponder.'
Type: Other error

Error #1538:
Input:    'he wanted to know the reason for snooper brome's appearance in the home of oscar raegenssen, and he wanted to know what the hurriedly lowered blind in an upstairs room had hidden from him, but it was typical of the man that he accepted susan's arrival as though it were the most natural thing in the world.'
Expected: 'He wanted to know the reason for Snooper Brome's appearance in the home of Oscar Raegenssen, and he wanted to know what the hurriedly lowered blind in an upstairs room had hidden from him, but it was typical of the man that he accepted Susan's arrival as though it were the most natural thing in the world.'
Actual:   'Hewantedtoknowthereasonforsnooperbrome'sappearanceinthehomeofoscarraegenssen,andhewantedtoknowwhatthehurriedlyloweredblindinanupstairsroomhadhiddenfromhim,butitwastypicalofthemanthatheacceptedsusan'sarrivalasthoughitwerethemostnaturalthingintheworld.'
Type: Other error

Error #1539:
Input:    '"lucky you found me," he remarked.'
Expected: '"Lucky you found me," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``luckyyoufoundme,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1540:
Input:    '"now i can take you along to the elysion, and we can consume bacon and eggs." he made no effort to discover the reason for her presence, but she enlightened him of her own accord.'
Expected: '"Now I can take you along to the Elysion, and we can consume bacon and eggs." He made no effort to discover the reason for her presence, but she enlightened him of her own accord.'
Actual:   '``nowicantakeyoualongtotheelysion,andwecanconsumebaconandeggs.'' Hemadenoefforttodiscoverthereasonforherpresence,butsheenlightenedhimofherownaccord.'
Type: Other error

Error #1541:
Input:    '"it's all uncle joe's fault," she explained.'
Expected: '"It's all Uncle Joe's fault," she explained.'
Actual:   '``it'sallunclejoe'sfault,''sheexplained.'
Type: Other error

Error #1542:
Input:    '"i'd been to dinner with him, and--you've had some experience of him--you know what a bloodthirsty little man he is, and this triangle business is meat and strong drink to him.'
Expected: '"I'd been to dinner with him, and--you've had some experience of him--you know what a bloodthirsty little man he is, and this Triangle business is meat and strong drink to him.'
Actual:   '``i'dbeentodinnerwithhim,and -- you'vehadsomeexperienceofhim -- youknowwhatabloodthirstylittlemanheis,andthistrianglebusinessismeatandstrongdrinktohim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1543:
Input:    'he was lecturing me about it for hours after i ought to have gone home, and he kept dragging raegenssen into the discussion and then forgetting what he was going to say about him.'
Expected: 'He was lecturing me about it for hours after I ought to have gone home, and he kept dragging Raegenssen into the discussion and then forgetting what he was going to say about him.'
Actual:   'Hewaslecturingmeaboutitforhoursafterioughttohavegonehome,andhekeptdraggingraegenssenintothediscussionandthenforgettingwhathewasgoingtosayabouthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1544:
Input:    'then he told me raegenssen lived near by, and promptly added that women shouldn't get mixed up with crime.'
Expected: 'Then he told me Raegenssen lived near by, and promptly added that women shouldn't get mixed up with crime.'
Actual:   'Thenhetoldmeraegenssenlivednearby,andpromptlyaddedthatwomenshouldn'tgetmixedupwithcrime.'
Type: Other error

Error #1545:
Input:    'so, of course, i had to butt in.'
Expected: 'So, of course, I had to butt in.'
Actual:   'So,ofcourse,ihadtobuttin.'
Type: Other error

Error #1546:
Input:    'did you kill snooper?" she asked the question so dispassionately that storm laughed.'
Expected: 'Did you kill Snooper?" She asked the question so dispassionately that Storm laughed.'
Actual:   'Didyoukillsnooper?'' Sheaskedthequestionsodispassionatelythatstormlaughed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1547:
Input:    '"no," he said mildly.'
Expected: '"No," he said mildly.'
Actual:   '``no,''hesaidmildly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1548:
Input:    '"not to-night.'
Expected: '"Not to-night.'
Actual:   '``notto-night.'
Type: Other error

Error #1549:
Input:    'it wasn't--er--expedient.'
Expected: 'It wasn't--er--expedient.'
Actual:   'Itwasn't -- er -- expedient.'
Type: Other error

Error #1550:
Input:    'one of these days i shall probably have to, but that'll keep.'
Expected: 'One of these days I shall probably have to, but that'll keep.'
Actual:   'Oneofthesedaysishallprobablyhaveto,butthat'llkeep.'
Type: Other error

Error #1551:
Input:    'how much did you see?" "you saw me." "and," said storm in pained accents, "you saw the police charging up the garden, and you didn't rally round to assist the getaway?'
Expected: 'How much did you see?" "You saw me." "And," said Storm in pained accents, "you saw the police charging up the garden, and you didn't rally round to assist the getaway?'
Actual:   'Howmuchdidyousee?'' ``yousawme.'' ``and,''saidstorminpainedaccents,``yousawthepolicechargingupthegarden,andyoudidn'trallyroundtoassistthegetaway?'
Type: Other error

Error #1552:
Input:    'susan, you're going off!" she smiled, and laid a cool hand on his.'
Expected: 'Susan, you're going off!" She smiled, and laid a cool hand on his.'
Actual:   'Susan,you'regoingoff!'' Shesmiled,andlaidacoolhandonhis.'
Type: Other error

Error #1553:
Input:    '"old chap," she said, "that would have been unpardonable.'
Expected: '"Old chap," she said, "that would have been unpardonable.'
Actual:   '``oldchap,''shesaid,``thatwouldhavebeenunpardonable.'
Type: Other error

Error #1554:
Input:    'you knew what you were doing, and you don't need lessons in looking after yourself.'
Expected: 'You knew what you were doing, and you don't need lessons in looking after yourself.'
Actual:   'Youknewwhatyouweredoing,andyoudon'tneedlessonsinlookingafteryourself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1555:
Input:    'if i'd thought you wanted help, i'd have come----" "like old times," said storm, and raised her hand to his lips.'
Expected: 'If I'd thought you wanted help, I'd have come----" "Like old times," said Storm, and raised her hand to his lips.'
Actual:   'Ifi'dthoughtyouwantedhelp,i'dhavecome --  -- ''``likeoldtimes,''saidstorm,andraisedherhandtohislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #1556:
Input:    'he felt curiously exhilarated that night.'
Expected: 'He felt curiously exhilarated that night.'
Actual:   'Hefeltcuriouslyexhilaratedthatnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1557:
Input:    'it may have been due to the fresh food for thought which he had gathered from his adventurous and wholly illegal visit, or to the sudden bracing rush of swift action he had enjoyed to the full after overmuch peace and quiet.'
Expected: 'It may have been due to the fresh food for thought which he had gathered from his adventurous and wholly illegal visit, or to the sudden bracing rush of swift action he had enjoyed to the full after overmuch peace and quiet.'
Actual:   'Itmayhavebeenduetothefreshfoodforthoughtwhichhehadgatheredfromhisadventurousandwhollyillegalvisit,ortothesuddenbracingrushofswiftactionhehadenjoyedtothefullafterovermuchpeaceandquiet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1558:
Input:    'or, on the other hand, it may have been due to the presence of the girl at his side....'
Expected: 'Or, on the other hand, it may have been due to the presence of the girl at his side....'
Actual:   'Or,ontheotherhand,itmayhavebeenduetothepresenceofthegirlathisside....'
Type: Other error

Error #1559:
Input:    'storm felt happily incompetent to judge.'
Expected: 'Storm felt happily incompetent to judge.'
Actual:   'Stormfelthappilyincompetenttojudge.'
Type: Other error

Error #1560:
Input:    'he knew, at least, that the old, gay recklessness had returned to him in all its reawakened daredevilry.'
Expected: 'He knew, at least, that the old, gay recklessness had returned to him in all its reawakened daredevilry.'
Actual:   'Heknew,atleast,thattheold,gayrecklessnesshadreturnedtohiminallitsreawakeneddaredevilry.'
Type: Other error

Error #1561:
Input:    'the cool night air was grateful on his face: he drew deep breaths of it contentedly, and it went to his head like wine.'
Expected: 'The cool night air was grateful on his face: he drew deep breaths of it contentedly, and it went to his head like wine.'
Actual:   'Thecoolnightairwasgratefulonhisface:hedrewdeepbreathsofitcontentedly,anditwenttohisheadlikewine.'
Type: Other error

Error #1562:
Input:    'he moved his arms ecstatically, for the pure sensuous joy of feeling the rippling suppleness of them.'
Expected: 'He moved his arms ecstatically, for the pure sensuous joy of feeling the rippling suppleness of them.'
Actual:   'Hemovedhisarmsecstatically,forthepuresensuousjoyoffeelingtheripplingsupplenessofthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1563:
Input:    'he laughed softly, irresponsible and proud, throwing back his head--a splendid animal glorying in its magnificent manhood.'
Expected: 'He laughed softly, irresponsible and proud, throwing back his head--a splendid animal glorying in its magnificent manhood.'
Actual:   'Helaughedsoftly,irresponsibleandproud,throwingbackhishead -- asplendidanimalgloryinginitsmagnificentmanhood.'
Type: Other error

Error #1564:
Input:    '"oh, susan, this is the life!" he said.'
Expected: '"Oh, Susan, this is the life!" he said.'
Actual:   '``oh,susan,thisisthelife!'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1565:
Input:    '"no dull safety for me!'
Expected: '"No dull safety for me!'
Actual:   '``nodullsafetyforme!'
Type: Other error

Error #1566:
Input:    'i only hope it doesn't end too soon." "you get all the fun," she complained.'
Expected: 'I only hope it doesn't end too soon." "You get all the fun," she complained.'
Actual:   'Ionlyhopeitdoesn'tendtoosoon.'' ``yougetallthefun,''shecomplained.'
Type: Other error

Error #1567:
Input:    '"all i can do is to mooch around waiting to be shot up, and fill in the intervals lunching with uncle joe." "damn uncle joe!" exploded storm, but this time without jealousy.'
Expected: '"All I can do is to mooch around waiting to be shot up, and fill in the intervals lunching with Uncle Joe." "Damn Uncle Joe!" exploded Storm, but this time without jealousy.'
Actual:   '``allicandoistomoocharoundwaitingtobeshotup,andfillintheintervalslunchingwithunclejoe.'' ``damnunclejoe!'' Explodedstorm,butthistimewithoutjealousy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1568:
Input:    '"i'm sick of hearing about uncle joe!'
Expected: '"I'm sick of hearing about Uncle Joe!'
Actual:   '``i'msickofhearingaboutunclejoe!'
Type: Other error

Error #1569:
Input:    'forget him, kid, and listen to me.'
Expected: 'Forget him, kid, and listen to me.'
Actual:   'Forgethim,kid,andlistentome.'
Type: Other error

Error #1570:
Input:    'susan, when this jaunt's over, and the alpha triangle's done the six-foot drop, you're coming away with me--i don't care where, so long as it's some place where you can still go gunning for people who annoy you.'
Expected: 'Susan, when this jaunt's over, and the Alpha Triangle's done the six-foot drop, you're coming away with me--I don't care where, so long as it's some place where you can still go gunning for people who annoy you.'
Actual:   'Susan,whenthisjaunt'sover,andthealphatriangle'sdonethesix-footdrop,you'recomingawaywithme -- idon'tcarewhere,solongasit'ssomeplacewhereyoucanstillgogunningforpeoplewhoannoyyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1571:
Input:    'london's all right when there's a triangle livening things up, but one day the triangle'll toe the t in a whitewashed shed, and i hate stagnation!'
Expected: 'London's all right when there's a Triangle livening things up, but one day the Triangle'll toe the T in a whitewashed shed, and I hate stagnation!'
Actual:   'London'sallrightwhenthere'satriangleliveningthingsup,butonedaythetriangle'lltoethetinawhitewashedshed,andihatestagnation!'
Type: Other error

Error #1572:
Input:    'we'll start a young war somewhere, if you like.'
Expected: 'We'll start a young war somewhere, if you like.'
Actual:   'We'llstartayoungwarsomewhere,ifyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #1573:
Input:    'any old thing suits me, so long as it's disreputable and dangerous....'
Expected: 'Any old thing suits me, so long as it's disreputable and dangerous....'
Actual:   'Anyoldthingsuitsme,solongasit'sdisreputableanddangerous....'
Type: Other error

Error #1574:
Input:    'is that a bet?" "i don't know," she said demurely.'
Expected: 'Is that a bet?" "I don't know," she said demurely.'
Actual:   'Isthatabet?'' ``idon'tknow,''shesaiddemurely.'
Type: Other error

Error #1575:
Input:    '"you're so very unconventional...." and thereafter he only had one hand for the steering-wheel.'
Expected: '"You're so very unconventional...." And thereafter he only had one hand for the steering-wheel.'
Actual:   '``you'resoveryunconventional....''andthereafterheonlyhadonehandforthesteering-wheel.'
Type: Other error

Error #1576:
Input:    'storm breakfasted next morning with his usual litter of newspapers scattered on the floor all around him, but he was chiefly amused by the alarm of the _daily record_.'
Expected: 'Storm breakfasted next morning with his usual litter of newspapers scattered on the floor all around him, but he was chiefly amused by the alarm of the _Daily Record_.'
Actual:   'Stormbreakfastednextmorningwithhisusuallitterofnewspapersscatteredonthefloorallaroundhim,buthewaschieflyamusedbythealarmofthe_dailyrecord_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1577:
Input:    'to his mind, the crime reports in which the _record_ specialised were far more interesting than fiction, for that paper had a reputation for chewing more meat from tropical bones than any of its contemporaries.'
Expected: 'To his mind, the crime reports in which the _Record_ specialised were far more interesting than fiction, for that paper had a reputation for chewing more meat from tropical bones than any of its contemporaries.'
Actual:   'Tohismind,thecrimereportsinwhichthe_record_specialisedwerefarmoreinterestingthanfiction,forthatpaperhadareputationforchewingmoremeatfromtropicalbonesthananyofitscontemporaries.'
Type: Other error

Error #1578:
Input:    'where are the police?'
Expected: 'WHERE ARE THE POLICE?'
Actual:   'Wherearethepolice?'
Type: Other error

Error #1579:
Input:    'london at mercy of gang of murderers.'
Expected: 'LONDON AT MERCY OF GANG OF MURDERERS.'
Actual:   'Londonatmercyofgangofmurderers.'
Type: Other error

Error #1580:
Input:    'government must not surrender.'
Expected: 'GOVERNMENT MUST NOT SURRENDER.'
Actual:   'Governmentmustnotsurrender.'
Type: Other error

Error #1581:
Input:    'further outrages anticipated.'
Expected: 'FURTHER OUTRAGES ANTICIPATED.'
Actual:   'Furtheroutragesanticipated.'
Type: Other error

Error #1582:
Input:    'latest news of gigantic conspiracy.'
Expected: 'LATEST NEWS OF GIGANTIC CONSPIRACY.'
Actual:   'Latestnewsofgiganticconspiracy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1583:
Input:    '--and a lot more.'
Expected: '--and a lot more.'
Actual:   '-- andalotmore.'
Type: Other error

Error #1584:
Input:    'the police, one gathered, were either incapable or afraid; the government were meditating incontinent surrender; england was to be plunged into anarchy; neither life nor property would be safe....'
Expected: 'The police, one gathered, were either incapable or afraid; the Government were meditating incontinent surrender; England was to be plunged into anarchy; neither life nor property would be safe....'
Actual:   'Thepolice,onegathered,wereeitherincapableorafraid;thegovernmentweremeditatingincontinentsurrender;englandwastobeplungedintoanarchy;neitherlifenorpropertywouldbesafe....'
Type: Other error

Error #1585:
Input:    'only the policy of the _daily record_ was stemming the tide of disaster.'
Expected: 'Only the policy of the _Daily Record_ was stemming the tide of disaster.'
Actual:   'Onlythepolicyofthe_dailyrecord_wasstemmingthetideofdisaster.'
Type: Other error

Error #1586:
Input:    '"these people aren't helpful," murmured storm.'
Expected: '"These people aren't helpful," murmured Storm.'
Actual:   '``thesepeoplearen'thelpful,''murmuredstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1587:
Input:    '"stampeding sheep!'
Expected: '"Stampeding sheep!'
Actual:   '``stampedingsheep!'
Type: Other error

Error #1588:
Input:    'bring me some more toast." "yessir," said cork.'
Expected: 'Bring me some more toast." "Yessir," said Cork.'
Actual:   'Bringmesomemoretoast.'' ``yessir,''saidcork.'
Type: Other error

Error #1589:
Input:    'cork, storm's valet, was a man with aggrieved eyebrows and a disapproving mouth.'
Expected: 'Cork, Storm's valet, was a man with aggrieved eyebrows and a disapproving mouth.'
Actual:   'Cork,storm'svalet,wasamanwithaggrievedeyebrowsandadisapprovingmouth.'
Type: Other error

Error #1590:
Input:    'he had the expression of one who has looked on the wine when it was sour, and who has never quite succeeded in getting rid of the taste.'
Expected: 'He had the expression of one who has looked on the wine when it was sour, and who has never quite succeeded in getting rid of the taste.'
Actual:   'Hehadtheexpressionofonewhohaslookedonthewinewhenitwassour,andwhohasneverquitesucceededingettingridofthetaste.'
Type: Other error

Error #1591:
Input:    'but, at least, he went about his work with the efficiency of a superman whose head would be bloody but unbowed despite plague, pestilence, famine, riot, civil commotion, the fall of the conservative party, the dissolution of the british empire, act of god, or the agitation of the _daily record_.'
Expected: 'But, at least, he went about his work with the efficiency of a superman whose head would be bloody but unbowed despite plague, pestilence, famine, riot, civil commotion, the fall of the Conservative Party, the dissolution of the British Empire, Act of God, or the agitation of the _Daily Record_.'
Actual:   'But,atleast,hewentabouthisworkwiththeefficiencyofasupermanwhoseheadwouldbebloodybutunboweddespiteplague,pestilence,famine,riot,civilcommotion,thefalloftheconservativeparty,thedissolutionofthebritishempire,actofgod,ortheagitationofthe_dailyrecord_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1592:
Input:    '"there is a man downstairs who wishes to speak to you, sir," he said, returning with reinforcements of coffee.'
Expected: '"There is a man downstairs who wishes to speak to you, sir," he said, returning with reinforcements of coffee.'
Actual:   '``thereisamandownstairswhowishestospeaktoyou,sir,''hesaid,returningwithreinforcementsofcoffee.'
Type: Other error

Error #1593:
Input:    'sorrow was in every line of his pessimistic face, and he laid a faint emphasis on the word "man." storm had never quite induced his servant to accept inspector teal as a human being.'
Expected: 'Sorrow was in every line of his pessimistic face, and he laid a faint emphasis on the word "man." Storm had never quite induced his servant to accept Inspector Teal as a human being.'
Actual:   'Sorrowwasineverylineofhispessimisticface,andhelaidafaintemphasisontheword``man.'' Stormhadneverquiteinducedhisservanttoacceptinspectortealasahumanbeing.'
Type: Other error

Error #1594:
Input:    '"what's the matter with him, cork?" asked storm.'
Expected: '"What's the matter with him, Cork?" asked Storm.'
Actual:   '``what'sthematterwithhim,cork?'' Askedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1595:
Input:    '"leper?" "i'm afraid not, sir," replied cork gloomily.'
Expected: '"Leper?" "I'm afraid not, sir," replied Cork gloomily.'
Actual:   '``leper?'' ``i'mafraidnot,sir,''repliedcorkgloomily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1596:
Input:    '"it's the policeman who calls sometimes." "show him up," said storm and returned to his newspapers.'
Expected: '"It's the policeman who calls sometimes." "Show him up," said Storm and returned to his newspapers.'
Actual:   '``it'sthepolicemanwhocallssometimes.'' ``showhimup,''saidstormandreturnedtohisnewspapers.'
Type: Other error

Error #1597:
Input:    'teal glutinated through the door.'
Expected: 'Teal glutinated through the door.'
Actual:   'Tealglutinatedthroughthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #1598:
Input:    '"good morning, sir." "morn'n," said storm without looking up.'
Expected: '"Good morning, sir." "Morn'n," said Storm without looking up.'
Actual:   '``goodmorning,sir.'' ``morn'n,''saidstormwithoutlookingup.'
Type: Other error

Error #1599:
Input:    '"sit down, teal.'
Expected: '"Sit down, Teal.'
Actual:   '``sitdown,teal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1600:
Input:    'english or colonial breakfast?" inspector teal frowned suspiciously.'
Expected: 'English or Colonial breakfast?" Inspector Teal frowned suspiciously.'
Actual:   'Englishorcolonialbreakfast?'' Inspectortealfrownedsuspiciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1601:
Input:    '"what's a colonial breakfast?" he inquired.'
Expected: '"What's a Colonial breakfast?" he inquired.'
Actual:   '``what'sacolonialbreakfast?'' Heinquired.'
Type: Other error

Error #1602:
Input:    '"oh, a horse's neck, a mutton chop, and a small dog." "what's the small dog for?" queried mr.'
Expected: '"Oh, a horse's neck, a mutton chop, and a small dog." "What's the small dog for?" queried Mr.'
Actual:   '``oh,ahorse'sneck,amuttonchop,andasmalldog.'' ``what'sthesmalldogfor?'' QueriedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1603:
Input:    'teal innocently.'
Expected: 'Teal innocently.'
Actual:   'Tealinnocently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1604:
Input:    '"and why a horse's neck?" "the dog eats the mutton chop, and a horse's neck's a brandy and ginger ale----" "coffee--thank you, sir," said the shocked mr.'
Expected: '"And why a horse's neck?" "The dog eats the mutton chop, and a horse's neck's a brandy and ginger ale----" "Coffee--thank you, sir," said the shocked Mr.'
Actual:   '``andwhyahorse'sneck?'' ``thedogeatsthemuttonchop,andahorse'sneck'sabrandyandgingerale --  -- ''``coffee -- thankyou,sir,''saidtheshockedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1605:
Input:    '"fat men didn't ought----" over a steaming cup he surveyed the cheery, comfortable room.'
Expected: '"Fat men didn't ought----" Over a steaming cup he surveyed the cheery, comfortable room.'
Actual:   '``fatmendidn'tought --  -- ''overasteamingcuphesurveyedthecheery,comfortableroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1606:
Input:    'there were well-filled bookcases, a grand piano, and an open secretaire strewn with scraps of paper and writing materials.'
Expected: 'There were well-filled bookcases, a grand piano, and an open secretaire strewn with scraps of paper and writing materials.'
Actual:   'Therewerewell-filledbookcases,agrandpiano,andanopensecretairestrewnwithscrapsofpaperandwritingmaterials.'
Type: Other error

Error #1607:
Input:    'on the walls were fencing foils, boxing gloves, an oar, and over the mantelpiece hung a couple of sporting rifles.'
Expected: 'On the walls were fencing foils, boxing gloves, an oar, and over the mantelpiece hung a couple of sporting rifles.'
Actual:   'Onthewallswerefencingfoils,boxinggloves,anoar,andoverthemantelpiecehungacoupleofsportingrifles.'
Type: Other error

Error #1608:
Input:    '"nice little place you've got here," he remarked.'
Expected: '"Nice little place you've got here," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``nicelittleplaceyou'vegothere,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1609:
Input:    '"i've always liked it." "not so bad!'
Expected: '"I've always liked it." "Not so bad!'
Actual:   '``i'vealwayslikedit.'' ``notsobad!'
Type: Other error

Error #1610:
Input:    'listen, teal.'
Expected: 'Listen, Teal.'
Actual:   'Listen,teal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1611:
Input:    'the papers say, _the police are believed to have a clue_.'
Expected: 'The papers say, _the police are believed to have a clue_.'
Actual:   'Thepaperssay,_thepolicearebelievedtohaveaclue_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1612:
Input:    'why don't we contradict such wicked slanders?" "it's better than finchley," pursued mr.'
Expected: 'Why don't we contradict such wicked slanders?" "It's better than Finchley," pursued Mr.'
Actual:   'Whydon'twecontradictsuchwickedslanders?'' ``it'sbetterthanfinchley,''pursuedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1613:
Input:    'teal without emotion.'
Expected: 'Teal without emotion.'
Actual:   'Tealwithoutemotion.'
Type: Other error

Error #1614:
Input:    '"and this: _a sensational arrest is expected at every moment_.'
Expected: '"And this: _A sensational arrest is expected at every moment_.'
Actual:   '``andthis:_asensationalarrestisexpectedateverymoment_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1615:
Input:    'my dear soul, how can even a great man like yourself make a sensational arrest at every moment?'
Expected: 'My dear soul, how can even a great man like yourself make a sensational arrest at every moment?'
Actual:   'Mydearsoul,howcanevenagreatmanlikeyourselfmakeasensationalarrestateverymoment?'
Type: Other error

Error #1616:
Input:    'there aren't enough sensational people in london to maintain the supply.'
Expected: 'There aren't enough sensational people in London to maintain the supply.'
Actual:   'Therearen'tenoughsensationalpeopleinlondontomaintainthesupply.'
Type: Other error

Error #1617:
Input:    'besides, blokes'd start getting peeved." "raegenssen was peeved," said mr.'
Expected: 'Besides, blokes'd start getting peeved." "Raegenssen was peeved," said Mr.'
Actual:   'Besides,blokes'dstartgettingpeeved.'' ``raegenssenwaspeeved,''saidMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1618:
Input:    'teal sleepily.'
Expected: 'Teal sleepily.'
Actual:   'Tealsleepily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1619:
Input:    'storm slewed his chair round so that he faced the detective, and searched for a cigarette.'
Expected: 'Storm slewed his chair round so that he faced the detective, and searched for a cigarette.'
Actual:   'Stormslewedhischairroundsothathefacedthedetective,andsearchedforacigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #1620:
Input:    'his gun-metal grey eyes were alight with mischief.'
Expected: 'His gun-metal grey eyes were alight with mischief.'
Actual:   'Hisgun-metalgreyeyeswerealightwithmischief.'
Type: Other error

Error #1621:
Input:    '"teal!" he protested.'
Expected: '"Teal!" he protested.'
Actual:   '``teal!'' Heprotested.'
Type: Other error

Error #1622:
Input:    '"why must you be inconsequent?" "why must you burgle raegenssen?" asked mr.'
Expected: '"Why must you be inconsequent?" "Why must you burgle Raegenssen?" asked Mr.'
Actual:   '``whymustyoubeinconsequent?'' ``whymustyouburgleraegenssen?'' AskedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1623:
Input:    'that quick, flickering smile played about storm's lips.'
Expected: 'That quick, flickering smile played about Storm's lips.'
Actual:   'Thatquick,flickeringsmileplayedaboutstorm'slips.'
Type: Other error

Error #1624:
Input:    '"how do you know?" he asked calmly.'
Expected: '"How do you know?" he asked calmly.'
Actual:   '``howdoyouknow?'' Heaskedcalmly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1625:
Input:    '"your tire tracks were all over that bit of building ground.'
Expected: '"Your tire tracks were all over that bit of building ground.'
Actual:   '``yourtiretrackswerealloverthatbitofbuildingground.'
Type: Other error

Error #1626:
Input:    'and i called at your garage on my way here and found dry mud caked all over your wheels.'
Expected: 'And I called at your garage on my way here and found dry mud caked all over your wheels.'
Actual:   'Andicalledatyourgarageonmywayhereandfounddrymudcakedalloveryourwheels.'
Type: Other error

Error #1627:
Input:    'you don't collect that sort of mud in the streets." mr.'
Expected: 'You don't collect that sort of mud in the streets." Mr.'
Actual:   'Youdon'tcollectthatsortofmudinthestreets.'' Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1628:
Input:    'teal blinked twice and yawned.'
Expected: 'Teal blinked twice and yawned.'
Actual:   'Tealblinkedtwiceandyawned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1629:
Input:    'he became almost awake, "mr.'
Expected: 'He became almost awake, "Mr.'
Actual:   'Hebecamealmostawake,``Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1630:
Input:    'arden, why can't you and me work together?" "that accusative makes me go all goosey!" complained storm.'
Expected: 'Arden, why can't you and me work together?" "That accusative makes me go all goosey!" complained Storm.'
Actual:   'Arden,whycan'tyouandmeworktogether?'' ``thataccusativemakesmegoallgoosey!'' Complainedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1631:
Input:    '"you and i," mr.'
Expected: '"You and I," Mr.'
Actual:   '``youandi,''Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1632:
Input:    'teal corrected himself.'
Expected: 'Teal corrected himself.'
Actual:   'Tealcorrectedhimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1633:
Input:    'we'd get on much better." storm exhaled a thin feather of smoke from the corner of his mouth.'
Expected: 'We'd get on much better." Storm exhaled a thin feather of smoke from the corner of his mouth.'
Actual:   'We'dgetonmuchbetter.'' Stormexhaledathinfeatherofsmokefromthecornerofhismouth.'
Type: Other error

Error #1634:
Input:    '"you might," he said.'
Expected: '"You might," he said.'
Actual:   '``youmight,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1635:
Input:    '"but then, you're only a detective." inspector teal accepted the proffered cigar.'
Expected: '"But then, you're only a detective." Inspector Teal accepted the proffered cigar.'
Actual:   '``butthen,you'reonlyadetective.'' Inspectortealacceptedtheprofferedcigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1636:
Input:    'his mouth widened half an inch momentarily.'
Expected: 'His mouth widened half an inch momentarily.'
Actual:   'Hismouthwidenedhalfaninchmomentarily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1637:
Input:    '"i shouldn't compromise you," he pleaded.'
Expected: '"I shouldn't compromise you," he pleaded.'
Actual:   '``ishouldn'tcompromiseyou,''hepleaded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1638:
Input:    'storm walked over to the window.'
Expected: 'Storm walked over to the window.'
Actual:   'Stormwalkedovertothewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1639:
Input:    '"how did you come to visit raegenssen at all?" he asked.'
Expected: '"How did you come to visit Raegenssen at all?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``howdidyoucometovisitraegenssenatall?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1640:
Input:    '"i was called early this morning," said teal.'
Expected: '"I was called early this morning," said Teal.'
Actual:   '``iwascalledearlythismorning,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1641:
Input:    '"i haven't been to bed yet.'
Expected: '"I haven't been to bed yet.'
Actual:   '``ihaven'tbeentobedyet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1642:
Input:    'so i heard all about the masked man and the fancy shooting, and then i remembered you'd promised to commit a few felonies.'
Expected: 'So I heard all about the masked man and the fancy shooting, and then I remembered you'd promised to commit a few felonies.'
Actual:   'Soiheardallaboutthemaskedmanandthefancyshooting,andthenirememberedyou'dpromisedtocommitafewfelonies.'
Type: Other error

Error #1643:
Input:    'besides, you can recognise a hirondel's tracks--they've got a very wide wheel-base, and you can only fit veloris tires." "bit off your beat, wasn't it?" "no." the detective rummaged in his pocket and produced something that was familiar to storm without a closer inspection.'
Expected: 'Besides, you can recognise a Hirondel's tracks--they've got a very wide wheel-base, and you can only fit Veloris tires." "Bit off your beat, wasn't it?" "No." The detective rummaged in his pocket and produced something that was familiar to Storm without a closer inspection.'
Actual:   'Besides,youcanrecogniseahirondel'stracks -- they'vegotaverywidewheel-base,andyoucanonlyfitveloristires.'' ``bitoffyourbeat,wasn'tit?'' ``no.'' Thedetectiverummagedinhispocketandproducedsomethingthatwasfamiliartostormwithoutacloserinspection.'
Type: Other error

Error #1644:
Input:    '"anything to do with triangles is on my beat." storm took the trinket and stared at it.'
Expected: '"Anything to do with Triangles is on my beat." Storm took the trinket and stared at it.'
Actual:   '``anythingtodowithtrianglesisonmybeat.'' Stormtookthetrinketandstaredatit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1645:
Input:    'then he paced quickly up and down the room, his eyes half-closed and his cigarette tightened up in his lips.'
Expected: 'Then he paced quickly up and down the room, his eyes half-closed and his cigarette tightened up in his lips.'
Actual:   'Thenhepacedquicklyupanddowntheroom,hiseyeshalf-closedandhiscigarettetightenedupinhislips.'
Type: Other error

Error #1646:
Input:    'he raised his shoulders and shoved his hands deep into his pockets, and then he stopped in his stride abruptly and turned.'
Expected: 'He raised his shoulders and shoved his hands deep into his pockets, and then he stopped in his stride abruptly and turned.'
Actual:   'Heraisedhisshouldersandshovedhishandsdeepintohispockets,andthenhestoppedinhisstrideabruptlyandturned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1647:
Input:    '"did you get that from raegenssen?" teal nodded.'
Expected: '"Did you get that from Raegenssen?" Teal nodded.'
Actual:   '``didyougetthatfromraegenssen?'' Tealnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1648:
Input:    '"the burglar came back, and the second time he left that.'
Expected: '"The burglar came back, and the second time he left that.'
Actual:   '``theburglarcameback,andthesecondtimeheleftthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1649:
Input:    'he and raegenssen had a fight, but the swede stopped one in the tummy." "do you think i'm the triangle?" asked storm directly.'
Expected: 'He and Raegenssen had a fight, but the Swede stopped one in the tummy." "Do you think I'm the Triangle?" asked Storm directly.'
Actual:   'Heandraegenssenhadafight,buttheswedestoppedoneinthetummy.'' ``doyouthinki'mthetriangle?'' Askedstormdirectly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1650:
Input:    'inspector teal jerked the ash from his cigar.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal jerked the ash from his cigar.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealjerkedtheashfromhiscigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1651:
Input:    '"no, i don't.'
Expected: '"No, I don't.'
Actual:   '``no,idon't.'
Type: Other error

Error #1652:
Input:    'but you know too much about it, and i wish you'd come across.'
Expected: 'But you know too much about it, and I wish you'd come across.'
Actual:   'Butyouknowtoomuchaboutit,andiwishyou'dcomeacross.'
Type: Other error

Error #1653:
Input:    'there's an inquiry about that moraine's stunt scheduled for this afternoon, and the commissioner 'll be curious." "i want the whole yarn," storm said after a short pause.'
Expected: 'There's an inquiry about that Moraine's stunt scheduled for this afternoon, and the Commissioner 'll be curious." "I want the whole yarn," Storm said after a short pause.'
Actual:   'There'saninquiryaboutthatmoraine'sstuntscheduledforthisafternoon,andthecommissioner'llbecurious.'' ``iwantthewholeyarn,''stormsaidafterashortpause.'
Type: Other error

Error #1654:
Input:    '"as heard from raegenssen." "i can do better," said teal.'
Expected: '"As heard from Raegenssen." "I can do better," said Teal.'
Actual:   '``asheardfromraegenssen.'' ``icandobetter,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1655:
Input:    '"a reporter who lives out that way was there even before i was.'
Expected: '"A reporter who lives out that way was there even before I was.'
Actual:   '``areporterwholivesoutthatwaywasthereevenbeforeiwas.'
Type: Other error

Error #1656:
Input:    'it was just ten when i came along piccadilly, so i brought you in the midday edition of the _evening record_." storm took the sheet and grinned.'
Expected: 'It was just ten when I came along Piccadilly, so I brought you in the midday edition of the _Evening Record_." Storm took the sheet and grinned.'
Actual:   'Itwasjusttenwhenicamealongpiccadilly,soibroughtyouinthemiddayeditionofthe_eveningrecord_.'' Stormtookthesheetandgrinned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1657:
Input:    '"you're an old cynic, teal!" he reproved.'
Expected: '"You're an old cynic, Teal!" he reproved.'
Actual:   '``you'reanoldcynic,teal!'' Hereproved.'
Type: Other error

Error #1658:
Input:    'he lounged over to the table and rested on the edge of it while he read with interest the brief account of the happenings in north london of the small hours of that morning.'
Expected: 'He lounged over to the table and rested on the edge of it while he read with interest the brief account of the happenings in North London of the small hours of that morning.'
Actual:   'Heloungedovertothetableandrestedontheedgeofitwhilehereadwithinterestthebriefaccountofthehappeningsinnorthlondonofthesmallhoursofthatmorning.'
Type: Other error

Error #1659:
Input:    '"an air of mystery surrounds the two attempts to burgle the house of mr.'
Expected: '"An air of mystery surrounds the two attempts to burgle the house of Mr.'
Actual:   '``anairofmysterysurroundsthetwoattemptstoburglethehouseofMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1660:
Input:    'oscar raegenssen, the well-known swedish merchant, which took place last night.'
Expected: 'Oscar Raegenssen, the well-known Swedish merchant, which took place last night.'
Actual:   'Oscarraegenssen,thewell-knownswedishmerchant,whichtookplacelastnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1661:
Input:    '"how does a house take place, teal?'
Expected: '"How does a house take place, Teal?'
Actual:   '``howdoesahousetakeplace,teal?'
Type: Other error

Error #1662:
Input:    'raegenssen had been to a theatre, and had thence proceeded to a night club-- "how shocking," murmured storm.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen had been to a theatre, and had thence proceeded to a night club-- "How shocking," murmured Storm.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenhadbeentoatheatre,andhadthenceproceededtoanightclub -- ``howshocking,''murmuredstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1663:
Input:    '"--from which he returned to his house in marchmont avenue at about 1 a.'
Expected: '"--from which he returned to his house in Marchmont Avenue at about 1 a.'
Actual:   '`` -- fromwhichhereturnedtohishouseinmarchmontavenueatabout1a.'
Type: Other error

Error #1664:
Input:    'he went upstairs immediately and was undressing when he heard a suspicious sound in his study.'
Expected: 'He went upstairs immediately and was undressing when he heard a suspicious sound in his study.'
Actual:   'Hewentupstairsimmediatelyandwasundressingwhenheheardasuspicioussoundinhisstudy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1665:
Input:    'a moment later a shot rang out.'
Expected: 'A moment later a shot rang out.'
Actual:   'Amomentlaterashotrangout.'
Type: Other error

Error #1666:
Input:    'stopping only to pull on a dressing-gown, mr.'
Expected: 'Stopping only to pull on a dressing-gown, Mr.'
Actual:   'Stoppingonlytopullonadressing-gown,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1667:
Input:    'raegenssen hastened downstairs and found the window wide open and his safe broken open.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen hastened downstairs and found the window wide open and his safe broken open.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenhasteneddownstairsandfoundthewindowwideopenandhissafebrokenopen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1668:
Input:    'finding that the telephone wires had been cut, mr.'
Expected: 'Finding that the telephone wires had been cut, Mr.'
Actual:   'Findingthatthetelephonewireshadbeencut,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1669:
Input:    'raegenssen returned to his bedroom in order to don some clothes before summoning the police." "decency before duty," storm drawled.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen returned to his bedroom in order to don some clothes before summoning the police." "Decency before duty," Storm drawled.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenreturnedtohisbedroominordertodonsomeclothesbeforesummoningthepolice.'' ``decencybeforeduty,''stormdrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1670:
Input:    '"two constables who had heard the shot, however, had already arrived, and had entered the building by way of the window which the burglar had left open in his flight.'
Expected: '"Two constables who had heard the shot, however, had already arrived, and had entered the building by way of the window which the burglar had left open in his flight.'
Actual:   '``twoconstableswhohadheardtheshot,however,hadalreadyarrived,andhadenteredthebuildingbywayofthewindowwhichtheburglarhadleftopeninhisflight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1671:
Input:    'raegenssen, meanwhile, had heard a noise in the room adjoining his bedroom which led him to suspect that the burglar was perhaps still in the house.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen, meanwhile, had heard a noise in the room adjoining his bedroom which led him to suspect that the burglar was perhaps still in the house.'
Actual:   'Raegenssen,meanwhile,hadheardanoiseintheroomadjoininghisbedroomwhichledhimtosuspectthattheburglarwasperhapsstillinthehouse.'
Type: Other error

Error #1672:
Input:    'this, indeed, proved to be the case, and the two officers, assisted by mr.'
Expected: 'This, indeed, proved to be the case, and the two officers, assisted by Mr.'
Actual:   'This,indeed,provedtobethecase,andthetwoofficers,assistedbyMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1673:
Input:    'raegenssen, attempted to apprehend the man.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen, attempted to apprehend the man.'
Actual:   'Raegenssen,attemptedtoapprehendtheman.'
Type: Other error

Error #1674:
Input:    'the burglar, however, who was masked and evidently a dangerous character, drew a pistol and fired several times at his would-be captors without hitting them, after which he made a desperate and successful bid for safety.'
Expected: 'The burglar, however, who was masked and evidently a dangerous character, drew a pistol and fired several times at his would-be captors without hitting them, after which he made a desperate and successful bid for safety.'
Actual:   'Theburglar,however,whowasmaskedandevidentlyadangerouscharacter,drewapistolandfiredseveraltimesathiswould-becaptorswithouthittingthem,afterwhichhemadeadesperateandsuccessfulbidforsafety.'
Type: Other error

Error #1675:
Input:    '"about two and a half hours later, when mr.'
Expected: '"About two and a half hours later, when Mr.'
Actual:   '``abouttwoandahalfhourslater,whenMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1676:
Input:    'raegenssen who had been too disturbed by the thrilling incident to return immediately to his bed, was working in his library, he heard a suspicious sound in his study and attempted to investigate it.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen who had been too disturbed by the thrilling incident to return immediately to his bed, was working in his library, he heard a suspicious sound in his study and attempted to investigate it.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenwhohadbeentoodisturbedbythethrillingincidenttoreturnimmediatelytohisbed,wasworkinginhislibrary,heheardasuspicioussoundinhisstudyandattemptedtoinvestigateit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1677:
Input:    'he was promptly attacked with great ferocity by the desperado, who again contrived to make his escape, but who this time left behind him a silver triangle of a type which is by now familiar to readers of the _evening record_.'
Expected: 'He was promptly attacked with great ferocity by the desperado, who again contrived to make his escape, but who this time left behind him a silver triangle of a type which is by now familiar to readers of the _Evening Record_.'
Actual:   'Hewaspromptlyattackedwithgreatferocitybythedesperado,whoagaincontrivedtomakehisescape,butwhothistimeleftbehindhimasilvertriangleofatypewhichisbynowfamiliartoreadersofthe_eveningrecord_.'
Type: Other error

Error #1678:
Input:    'during the time it took mr.'
Expected: 'During the time it took Mr.'
Actual:   'DuringthetimeittookMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1679:
Input:    'raegenssen to recover sufficiently to rise, the library was in its turn the subject of the burglar's attentions.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen to recover sufficiently to rise, the library was in its turn the subject of the burglar's attentions.'
Actual:   'Raegenssentorecoversufficientlytorise,thelibrarywasinitsturnthesubjectoftheburglar'sattentions.'
Type: Other error

Error #1680:
Input:    '"the extraordinary feature of the affair, however-- "that's three 'howevers.' "--is the fact that in neither case-- "that's two cases.'
Expected: '"The extraordinary feature of the affair, however-- "That's three 'howevers.' "--is the fact that in neither case-- "That's two cases.'
Actual:   '``theextraordinaryfeatureoftheaffair,however -- ``that'sthree'howevers.' `` -- isthefactthatinneithercase -- ``that'stwocases.'
Type: Other error

Error #1681:
Input:    '"--was any attempt-- "that's four attempts, teal.'
Expected: '"--was any attempt-- "That's four attempts, Teal.'
Actual:   '`` -- wasanyattempt -- ``that'sfourattempts,teal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1682:
Input:    'fifteen love.'
Expected: 'Fifteen love.'
Actual:   'Fifteenlove.'
Type: Other error

Error #1683:
Input:    '"--made to abstract anything of value.'
Expected: '"--made to abstract anything of value.'
Actual:   '`` -- madetoabstractanythingofvalue.'
Type: Other error

Error #1684:
Input:    'the only things interfered with were the safe and a number of drawers and filing cabinets in which mr.'
Expected: 'The only things interfered with were the safe and a number of drawers and filing cabinets in which Mr.'
Actual:   'TheonlythingsinterferedwithwerethesafeandanumberofdrawersandfilingcabinetsinwhichMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1685:
Input:    'raegenssen kept private papers concerning his business.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen kept private papers concerning his business.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenkeptprivatepapersconcerninghisbusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1686:
Input:    '"inspector teal, who is working on the triangle mystery in conjunction with captain arden, has been called in, and he is said to have made an important discovery, which is at present being kept a strict secret." "how much did you lend this reporter, teal?" asked storm accusingly.'
Expected: '"Inspector Teal, who is working on the Triangle Mystery in conjunction with Captain Arden, has been called in, and he is said to have made an important discovery, which is at present being kept a strict secret." "How much did you lend this reporter, Teal?" asked Storm accusingly.'
Actual:   '``inspectorteal,whoisworkingonthetrianglemysteryinconjunctionwithcaptainarden,hasbeencalledin,andheissaidtohavemadeanimportantdiscovery,whichisatpresentbeingkeptastrictsecret.'' ``howmuchdidyoulendthisreporter,teal?'' Askedstormaccusingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1687:
Input:    '"it will be remembered that mr.'
Expected: '"It will be remembered that Mr.'
Actual:   '``itwillberememberedthatMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1688:
Input:    'raegenssen had already been the recipient of one of the warnings of the alpha triangle.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen had already been the recipient of one of the warnings of the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenhadalreadybeentherecipientofoneofthewarningsofthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1689:
Input:    '"good old snooper!" said storm cryptically.'
Expected: '"Good old Snooper!" said Storm cryptically.'
Actual:   '``goodoldsnooper!'' Saidstormcryptically.'
Type: Other error

Error #1690:
Input:    '"i knew he'd get away with it somehow!" he pitched the paper into a corner and swung himself off the table.'
Expected: '"I knew he'd get away with it somehow!" He pitched the paper into a corner and swung himself off the table.'
Actual:   '``iknewhe'dgetawaywithitsomehow!'' Hepitchedthepaperintoacornerandswunghimselfoffthetable.'
Type: Other error

Error #1691:
Input:    '"and an inquiry.'
Expected: '"And an inquiry.'
Actual:   '``andaninquiry.'
Type: Other error

Error #1692:
Input:    'well, i'll deal with the inquiry!'
Expected: 'Well, I'll deal with the inquiry!'
Actual:   'Well,i'lldealwiththeinquiry!'
Type: Other error

Error #1693:
Input:    'but i wish i knew who oscar's second friend was." "it wasn't you?" inspector teal was incredulous.'
Expected: 'But I wish I knew who Oscar's second friend was." "It wasn't you?" Inspector Teal was incredulous.'
Actual:   'Butiwishiknewwhooscar'ssecondfriendwas.'' ``itwasn'tyou?'' Inspectortealwasincredulous.'
Type: Other error

Error #1694:
Input:    '"it was not.'
Expected: '"It was not.'
Actual:   '``itwasnot.'
Type: Other error

Error #1695:
Input:    'if you're really interested, i can prove an alibi; i was inhaling bacon and eggs at the elysion, or beer _chez_ mannering--where miss hawthorne's staying--at the time." teal wrinkled his brow.'
Expected: 'If you're really interested, I can prove an alibi; I was inhaling bacon and eggs at the Elysion, or beer _chez_ Mannering--where Miss Hawthorne's staying--at the time." Teal wrinkled his brow.'
Actual:   'Ifyou'rereallyinterested,icanproveanalibi;iwasinhalingbaconandeggsattheelysion,orbeer_chez_mannering -- wheremisshawthorne'sstaying -- atthetime.'' Tealwrinkledhisbrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1696:
Input:    '"didn't i hear you mention snooper?" he prompted, and storm nodded.'
Expected: '"Didn't I hear you mention Snooper?" he prompted, and Storm nodded.'
Actual:   '``didn'tihearyoumentionsnooper?'' Heprompted,andstormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1697:
Input:    '"snooper was at raegenssen's last night.'
Expected: '"Snooper was at Raegenssen's last night.'
Actual:   '``snooperwasatraegenssen'slastnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1698:
Input:    'and i let him go--you can tell that to your board of inquiry!'
Expected: 'And I let him go--you can tell that to your Board of Inquiry!'
Actual:   'Andilethimgo -- youcantellthattoyourboardofinquiry!'
Type: Other error

Error #1699:
Input:    'and now, if you don't mind, we'll leave the subject until this afternoon." the board assembled in the chief commissioner's room at two o'clock, and storm took his place at one end of the table without a trace of embarrassment.'
Expected: 'And now, if you don't mind, we'll leave the subject until this afternoon." The Board assembled in the Chief Commissioner's room at two o'clock, and Storm took his place at one end of the table without a trace of embarrassment.'
Actual:   'Andnow,ifyoudon'tmind,we'llleavethesubjectuntilthisafternoon.'' Theboardassembledinthechiefcommissioner'sroomattwoo'clock,andstormtookhisplaceatoneendofthetablewithoutatraceofembarrassment.'
Type: Other error

Error #1700:
Input:    'teal, who sat on his right, was less self-confident, for inspector teal was a conventional detective with a proper awe for the majesty of higher command.'
Expected: 'Teal, who sat on his right, was less self-confident, for Inspector Teal was a conventional detective with a proper awe for the majesty of Higher Command.'
Actual:   'Teal,whosatonhisright,waslessself-confident,forinspectortealwasaconventionaldetectivewithaproperaweforthemajestyofhighercommand.'
Type: Other error

Error #1701:
Input:    'bill kennedy, the assistant commissioner, shook hands with storm as he passed, although his usual cheeriness was singularly half-hearted.'
Expected: 'Bill Kennedy, the Assistant Commissioner, shook hands with Storm as he passed, although his usual cheeriness was singularly half-hearted.'
Actual:   'Billkennedy,theassistantcommissioner,shookhandswithstormashepassed,althoughhisusualcheerinesswassingularlyhalf-hearted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1702:
Input:    'the chief, sir brodie smethurst, was the last to arrive, and with him came a man whom no one present with the exception of storm had expected to see.'
Expected: 'The Chief, Sir Brodie Smethurst, was the last to arrive, and with him came a man whom no one present with the exception of Storm had expected to see.'
Actual:   'Thechief,sirbrodiesmethurst,wasthelasttoarrive,andwithhimcameamanwhomnoonepresentwiththeexceptionofstormhadexpectedtosee.'
Type: Other error

Error #1703:
Input:    '"what's the home secretary doing in this picnic?" demanded teal in a hoarse whisper, and storm shrugged.'
Expected: '"What's the Home Secretary doing in this picnic?" demanded Teal in a hoarse whisper, and Storm shrugged.'
Actual:   '``what'sthehomesecretarydoinginthispicnic?'' Demandedtealinahoarsewhisper,andstormshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #1704:
Input:    '"i asked him to come," he stated shortly.'
Expected: '"I asked him to come," he stated shortly.'
Actual:   '``iaskedhimtocome,''hestatedshortly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1705:
Input:    'the preliminary business was soon over, for in theory the board had assembled to make an inquiry into storm's failure to prevent the robbery at moraine's; and then storm rose to give an account of his progress with the main problem.'
Expected: 'The preliminary business was soon over, for in theory the Board had assembled to make an inquiry into Storm's failure to prevent the robbery at Moraine's; and then Storm rose to give an account of his progress with the main problem.'
Actual:   'Thepreliminarybusinesswassoonover,forintheorytheboardhadassembledtomakeaninquiryintostorm'sfailuretopreventtherobberyatmoraine's;andthenstormrosetogiveanaccountofhisprogresswiththemainproblem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1706:
Input:    '"i have no excuses to make for the moraine's affair," he said.'
Expected: '"I have no excuses to make for the Moraine's affair," he said.'
Actual:   '``ihavenoexcusestomakeforthemoraine'saffair,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1707:
Input:    '"on that score you may take what action you like.'
Expected: '"On that score you may take what action you like.'
Actual:   '``onthatscoreyoumaytakewhatactionyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #1708:
Input:    'the second point is the double burglary at raegenssen's early this morning.'
Expected: 'The second point is the double burglary at Raegenssen's early this morning.'
Actual:   'Thesecondpointisthedoubleburglaryatraegenssen'searlythismorning.'
Type: Other error

Error #1709:
Input:    'i was the first burglar, but i don't know who the second was--although i could name the man, with certainty, in two guesses.'
Expected: 'I was the first burglar, but I don't know who the second was--although I could name the man, with certainty, in two guesses.'
Actual:   'Iwasthefirstburglar,butidon'tknowwhothesecondwas -- althoughicouldnametheman,withcertainty,intwoguesses.'
Type: Other error

Error #1710:
Input:    'and i'll make you a prophecy: within the next forty-eight hours the man known as raegenssen will either have disappeared or been killed!...'
Expected: 'And I'll make you a prophecy: within the next forty-eight hours the man known as Raegenssen will either have disappeared or been killed!...'
Actual:   'Andi'llmakeyouaprophecy:withinthenextforty-eighthoursthemanknownasraegenssenwilleitherhavedisappearedorbeenkilled!...'
Type: Other error

Error #1711:
Input:    'i have no excuses for the burglary either.'
Expected: 'I have no excuses for the burglary either.'
Actual:   'Ihavenoexcusesfortheburglaryeither.'
Type: Other error

Error #1712:
Input:    'it merely happened to be necessary.'
Expected: 'It merely happened to be necessary.'
Actual:   'Itmerelyhappenedtobenecessary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1713:
Input:    'by swearing information i might conceivably have got a search warrant, but i decided that that course would be both risky and futile, because the issue of the warrant would alarm the man i was anxious to trap; futile, because it might have been necessary to repeat the search without the man being aware that an official search had been made.'
Expected: 'By swearing information I might conceivably have got a search warrant, but I decided that that course would be both risky and futile, because the issue of the warrant would alarm the man I was anxious to trap; futile, because it might have been necessary to repeat the search without the man being aware that an official search had been made.'
Actual:   'Byswearinginformationimightconceivablyhavegotasearchwarrant,butidecidedthatthatcoursewouldbebothriskyandfutile,becausetheissueofthewarrantwouldalarmthemaniwasanxioustotrap;futile,becauseitmighthavebeennecessarytorepeatthesearchwithoutthemanbeingawarethatanofficialsearchhadbeenmade.'
Type: Other error

Error #1714:
Input:    'i was both lucky and unlucky.'
Expected: 'I was both lucky and unlucky.'
Actual:   'Iwasbothluckyandunlucky.'
Type: Other error

Error #1715:
Input:    'i found what i expected, to a certain extent, but the arrival of the police gave me no time to find out all that i wanted to.'
Expected: 'I found what I expected, to a certain extent, but the arrival of the police gave me no time to find out all that I wanted to.'
Actual:   'Ifoundwhatiexpected,toacertainextent,butthearrivalofthepolicegavemenotimetofindoutallthatiwantedto.'
Type: Other error

Error #1716:
Input:    'to this moment raegenssen does not know that his visitor was not a common thief, and therefore he will be killed.'
Expected: 'To this moment Raegenssen does not know that his visitor was not a common thief, and therefore he will be killed.'
Actual:   'Tothismomentraegenssendoesnotknowthathisvisitorwasnotacommonthief,andthereforehewillbekilled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1717:
Input:    'if i had revealed my identity to the police, he would have recognised me, and _i_ should have been killed.'
Expected: 'If I had revealed my identity to the police, he would have recognised me, and _I_ should have been killed.'
Actual:   'Ifihadrevealedmyidentitytothepolice,hewouldhaverecognisedme,and_i_shouldhavebeenkilled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1718:
Input:    'it was, you see, a matter of my life or--his." they listened without comprehending.'
Expected: 'It was, you see, a matter of my life or--his." They listened without comprehending.'
Actual:   'Itwas,yousee,amatterofmylifeor -- his.'' Theylistenedwithoutcomprehending.'
Type: Other error

Error #1719:
Input:    '"you suspect raegenssen of having some connection with the alpha triangle?" suggested smethurst.'
Expected: '"You suspect Raegenssen of having some connection with the Alpha Triangle?" suggested Smethurst.'
Actual:   '``yoususpectraegenssenofhavingsomeconnectionwiththealphatriangle?'' Suggestedsmethurst.'
Type: Other error

Error #1720:
Input:    '"i _know_," said storm carefully, "that the evidence i have secured from raegenssen, together with what i have obtained from another man, will kill the alpha triangle.'
Expected: '"I _know_," said Storm carefully, "that the evidence I have secured from Raegenssen, together with what I have obtained from another man, will kill the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   '``i_know_,''saidstormcarefully,``thattheevidenceihavesecuredfromraegenssen,togetherwithwhatihaveobtainedfromanotherman,willkillthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1721:
Input:    'i could arrest the apex to-day--but i won't!" he heard the suppressed gasp that went up, and smiled faintly at inspector teal's muffled "good god!" "no one but myself," he went on simply, "has anything like the evidence necessary to secure a conviction--i even doubt very much if i could get one myself.'
Expected: 'I could arrest the Apex to-day--but I won't!" He heard the suppressed gasp that went up, and smiled faintly at Inspector Teal's muffled "Good God!" "No one but myself," he went on simply, "has anything like the evidence necessary to secure a conviction--I even doubt very much if I could get one myself.'
Actual:   'Icouldarresttheapexto-day -- butiwon't!'' Heheardthesuppressedgaspthatwentup,andsmiledfaintlyatinspectorteal'smuffled``goodgod!'' ``noonebutmyself,''hewentonsimply,``hasanythingliketheevidencenecessarytosecureaconviction -- ievendoubtverymuchificouldgetonemyself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1722:
Input:    'you can be satisfied that it is a moral certainty, even if it would fail to convince a grand jury.'
Expected: 'You can be satisfied that it is a moral certainty, even if it would fail to convince a Grand Jury.'
Actual:   'Youcanbesatisfiedthatitisamoralcertainty,evenifitwouldfailtoconvinceagrandjury.'
Type: Other error

Error #1723:
Input:    'but, at the instance of the late lord hannassay, and with the consent of sir john marker, i was given carte blanche in this case, and you must continue that support." "_must_ is a strong word, captain arden," said the home secretary mildly.'
Expected: 'But, at the instance of the late Lord Hannassay, and with the consent of Sir John Marker, I was given carte blanche in this case, and you must continue that support." "_Must_ is a strong word, Captain Arden," said the Home Secretary mildly.'
Actual:   'But,attheinstanceofthelatelordhannassay,andwiththeconsentofsirjohnmarker,iwasgivencarteblancheinthiscase,andyoumustcontinuethatsupport.'' ``_must_isastrongword,captainarden,''saidthehomesecretarymildly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1724:
Input:    '"i am a strong man," said storm.'
Expected: '"I am a strong man," said Storm.'
Actual:   '``iamastrongman,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1725:
Input:    'he spoke quietly, not as a boaster, but as one who states a fact, and his cool assurance staggered the board.'
Expected: 'He spoke quietly, not as a boaster, but as one who states a fact, and his cool assurance staggered the Board.'
Actual:   'Hespokequietly,notasaboaster,butasonewhostatesafact,andhiscoolassurancestaggeredtheboard.'
Type: Other error

Error #1726:
Input:    'whereas before they had been scowling or incredulous, according to temperament, they were united in indignation.'
Expected: 'Whereas before they had been scowling or incredulous, according to temperament, they were united in indignation.'
Actual:   'Whereasbeforetheyhadbeenscowlingorincredulous,accordingtotemperament,theywereunitedinindignation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1727:
Input:    '"p-please make yourself p-p-plain," stammered smethurst harshly.'
Expected: '"P-please make yourself p-p-plain," stammered Smethurst harshly.'
Actual:   '``p-pleasemakeyourselfp-p-plain,''stammeredsmethurstharshly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1728:
Input:    '"it's rather obvious already," said storm calmly.'
Expected: '"It's rather obvious already," said Storm calmly.'
Actual:   '``it'sratherobviousalready,''saidstormcalmly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1729:
Input:    '"the alpha triangle is my father.'
Expected: '"The Alpha Triangle is my father.'
Actual:   '``thealphatriangleismyfather.'
Type: Other error

Error #1730:
Input:    'you needn't think i'm giving away my secret, because i'm not!'
Expected: 'You needn't think I'm giving away my secret, because I'm not!'
Actual:   'Youneedn'tthinki'mgivingawaymysecret,becausei'mnot!'
Type: Other error

Error #1731:
Input:    'if you took the trouble to trace my father, you'd come up against a dead end.'
Expected: 'If you took the trouble to trace my father, you'd come up against a dead end.'
Actual:   'Ifyoutookthetroubletotracemyfather,you'dcomeupagainstadeadend.'
Type: Other error

Error #1732:
Input:    'you'd laugh at the idea--just as you'd laugh if i told you openly now.'
Expected: 'You'd laugh at the idea--just as you'd laugh if I told you openly now.'
Actual:   'You'dlaughattheidea -- justasyou'dlaughifitoldyouopenlynow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1733:
Input:    'but, anyway, i don't want you to try and trace him.'
Expected: 'But, anyway, I don't want you to try and trace him.'
Actual:   'But,anyway,idon'twantyoutotryandtracehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1734:
Input:    'i don't want this case messed up with a lot of flat-footed half-wits trying to take my place!'
Expected: 'I don't want this case messed up with a lot of flat-footed half-wits trying to take my place!'
Actual:   'Idon'twantthiscasemessedupwithalotofflat-footedhalf-witstryingtotakemyplace!'
Type: Other error

Error #1735:
Input:    'you're at my mercy.'
Expected: 'You're at my mercy.'
Actual:   'You'reatmymercy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1736:
Input:    'do what you like.'
Expected: 'Do what you like.'
Actual:   'Dowhatyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #1737:
Input:    'keep me on under supervision.'
Expected: 'Keep me on under supervision.'
Actual:   'Keepmeonundersupervision.'
Type: Other error

Error #1738:
Input:    'it won't help you, because in a few hours i shall be the only man who can hope to catch the alpha triangle.'
Expected: 'It won't help you, because in a few hours I shall be the only man who can hope to catch the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   'Itwon'thelpyou,becauseinafewhoursishallbetheonlymanwhocanhopetocatchthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1739:
Input:    'in time, i mean.'
Expected: 'In time, I mean.'
Actual:   'Intime,imean.'
Type: Other error

Error #1740:
Input:    'of course, i suppose there are plenty of other men who could mug along till they got him--but by that time the triangle will have cost the country hundreds of thousands of pounds and many lives.'
Expected: 'Of course, I suppose there are plenty of other men who could mug along till they got him--but by that time the Triangle will have cost the country hundreds of thousands of pounds and many lives.'
Actual:   'Ofcourse,isupposethereareplentyofothermenwhocouldmugalongtilltheygothim -- butbythattimethetrianglewillhavecostthecountryhundredsofthousandsofpoundsandmanylives.'
Type: Other error

Error #1741:
Input:    'you can take your choice...." he had them stymied.'
Expected: 'You can take your choice...." He had them stymied.'
Actual:   'Youcantakeyourchoice....''hehadthemstymied.'
Type: Other error

Error #1742:
Input:    'their world was reeling about their ears.'
Expected: 'Their world was reeling about their ears.'
Actual:   'Theirworldwasreelingabouttheirears.'
Type: Other error

Error #1743:
Input:    'never within living memory had a man dared to address a board of inquiry in such an arrogant manner.'
Expected: 'Never within living memory had a man dared to address a Board of Inquiry in such an arrogant manner.'
Actual:   'Neverwithinlivingmemoryhadamandaredtoaddressaboardofinquiryinsuchanarrogantmanner.'
Type: Other error

Error #1744:
Input:    'storm set at naught their authority, he was coldly indifferent to the fact that he laid himself open to prosecution, he had given them an ultimatum with all the casualness of a man to whom acceptance or rejection means nothing to speak of--and the chilled insolence of it dazed them.'
Expected: 'Storm set at naught their authority, he was coldly indifferent to the fact that he laid himself open to prosecution, he had given them an ultimatum with all the casualness of a man to whom acceptance or rejection means nothing to speak of--and the chilled insolence of it dazed them.'
Actual:   'Stormsetatnaughttheirauthority,hewascoldlyindifferenttothefactthathelaidhimselfopentoprosecution,hehadgiventhemanultimatumwithallthecasualnessofamantowhomacceptanceorrejectionmeansnothingtospeakof -- andthechilledinsolenceofitdazedthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1745:
Input:    'and storm, while they strove to collect their wits, was leisurely lighting a cigarette and smiling as affably as if he had merely made some commonplace remark about the weather, instead of handing out to their augustnesses the starkest slice of sheer frozen case-hardened nerve in their experience....'
Expected: 'And Storm, while they strove to collect their wits, was leisurely lighting a cigarette and smiling as affably as if he had merely made some commonplace remark about the weather, instead of handing out to Their Augustnesses the starkest slice of sheer frozen case-hardened nerve in their experience....'
Actual:   'Andstorm,whiletheystrovetocollecttheirwits,wasleisurelylightingacigaretteandsmilingasaffablyasifhehadmerelymadesomecommonplaceremarkabouttheweather,insteadofhandingouttotheiraugustnessesthestarkestsliceofsheerfrozencase-hardenednerveintheirexperience....'
Type: Other error

Error #1746:
Input:    'the atmosphere was electric.'
Expected: 'The atmosphere was electric.'
Actual:   'Theatmospherewaselectric.'
Type: Other error

Error #1747:
Input:    'it seemed to have temporarily hypnotised all but two of them--bill kennedy--who was leaning back in his chair with a grin of pure delight on his ugly face, and sir john marker, who was tapping his teeth reflectively with a pencil and apparently considering storm's proposition as seriously as he would have considered a question in the house.'
Expected: 'It seemed to have temporarily hypnotised all but two of them--Bill Kennedy--who was leaning back in his chair with a grin of pure delight on his ugly face, and Sir John Marker, who was tapping his teeth reflectively with a pencil and apparently considering Storm's proposition as seriously as he would have considered a question in the House.'
Actual:   'Itseemedtohavetemporarilyhypnotisedallbuttwoofthem -- billkennedy -- whowasleaningbackinhischairwithagrinofpuredelightonhisuglyface,andsirjohnmarker,whowastappinghisteethreflectivelywithapencilandapparentlyconsideringstorm'spropositionasseriouslyashewouldhaveconsideredaquestioninthehouse.'
Type: Other error

Error #1748:
Input:    '"it is an extraordinary situation, captain arden," he admitted.'
Expected: '"It is an extraordinary situation, Captain Arden," he admitted.'
Actual:   '``itisanextraordinarysituation,captainarden,''headmitted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1749:
Input:    '"i can see your point--up to a point.'
Expected: '"I can see your point--up to a point.'
Actual:   '``icanseeyourpoint -- uptoapoint.'
Type: Other error

Error #1750:
Input:    'but if, as you say, your father is involved, hadn't you better pass the case over to someone else?" "no," said storm steadily.'
Expected: 'But if, as you say, your father is involved, hadn't you better pass the case over to someone else?" "No," said Storm steadily.'
Actual:   'Butif,asyousay,yourfatherisinvolved,hadn'tyoubetterpassthecaseovertosomeoneelse?'' ``no,''saidstormsteadily.'
Type: Other error

Error #1751:
Input:    '"can't you be a little more explicit, then?" "i can tell you this: i first suspected my man on a day when i had a slight accident." storm spoke slowly and evenly, ignoring the stunned faces of the board and addressing his remarks to the home secretary.'
Expected: '"Can't you be a little more explicit, then?" "I can tell you this: I first suspected my man on a day when I had a slight accident." Storm spoke slowly and evenly, ignoring the stunned faces of the Board and addressing his remarks to the Home Secretary.'
Actual:   '``can'tyoubealittlemoreexplicit,then?'' ``icantellyouthis:ifirstsuspectedmymanonadaywhenihadaslightaccident.'' Stormspokeslowlyandevenly,ignoringthestunnedfacesoftheboardandaddressinghisremarkstothehomesecretary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1752:
Input:    'he was standing erect, with the tips of his fingers resting on the table in front of him, completely at ease.'
Expected: 'He was standing erect, with the tips of his fingers resting on the table in front of him, completely at ease.'
Actual:   'Hewasstandingerect,withthetipsofhisfingersrestingonthetableinfrontofhim,completelyatease.'
Type: Other error

Error #1753:
Input:    '"i was driving down cockspur street, and my car skidded and knocked raegenssen down.'
Expected: '"I was driving down Cockspur Street, and my car skidded and knocked Raegenssen down.'
Actual:   '``iwasdrivingdowncockspurstreet,andmycarskiddedandknockedraegenssendown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1754:
Input:    'there were present mr.'
Expected: 'There were present Mr.'
Actual:   'TherewerepresentMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1755:
Input:    'blaythwayt, manager of the lombard street city and continental; mattock, a convict on licence employed by raegenssen; and miss hawthorne, lord hannassay's secretary.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt, manager of the Lombard Street City and Continental; Mattock, a convict on licence employed by Raegenssen; and Miss Hawthorne, Lord Hannassay's secretary.'
Actual:   'Blaythwayt,managerofthelombardstreetcityandcontinental;mattock,aconvictonlicenceemployedbyraegenssen;andmisshawthorne,lordhannassay'ssecretary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1756:
Input:    'of those people, two were in a position to note the same thing as i did--the first piece of evidence against my father." he smiled again at their perplexity.'
Expected: 'Of those people, two were in a position to note the same thing as I did--the first piece of evidence against my father." He smiled again at their perplexity.'
Actual:   'Ofthosepeople,twowereinapositiontonotethesamethingasidid -- thefirstpieceofevidenceagainstmyfather.'' Hesmiledagainattheirperplexity.'
Type: Other error

Error #1757:
Input:    '"acting on this, i burgled raegenssen last night, and learnt something of the next coup planned by the triangle.'
Expected: '"Acting on this, I burgled Raegenssen last night, and learnt something of the next coup planned by the Triangle.'
Actual:   '``actingonthis,iburgledraegenssenlastnight,andlearntsomethingofthenextcoupplannedbythetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1758:
Input:    'i also acquired a fresh suspicion, which i hope to verify soon.'
Expected: 'I also acquired a fresh suspicion, which I hope to verify soon.'
Actual:   'Ialsoacquiredafreshsuspicion,whichihopetoverifysoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #1759:
Input:    'but that's all speculation.'
Expected: 'But that's all speculation.'
Actual:   'Butthat'sallspeculation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1760:
Input:    'the solid fact," he said, watching them with a glimmer of amusement in his eyes, "is that one is always interested in a saw-mill which has recently received a consignment of machinery and materials that have nothing whatever to do with the sawing of wood!" "do we have to play at sexton blake when there aren't any reporters with us?" drawled bill kennedy.'
Expected: 'The solid fact," he said, watching them with a glimmer of amusement in his eyes, "is that one is always interested in a saw-mill which has recently received a consignment of machinery and materials that have nothing whatever to do with the sawing of wood!" "Do we have to play at Sexton Blake when there aren't any reporters with us?" drawled Bill Kennedy.'
Actual:   'Thesolidfact,''hesaid,watchingthemwithaglimmerofamusementinhiseyes,``isthatoneisalwaysinterestedinasaw-millwhichhasrecentlyreceivedaconsignmentofmachineryandmaterialsthathavenothingwhatevertodowiththesawingofwood!'' ``dowehavetoplayatsextonblakewhentherearen'tanyreporterswithus?'' Drawledbillkennedy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1761:
Input:    'storm grinned.'
Expected: 'Storm grinned.'
Actual:   'Stormgrinned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1762:
Input:    '"i must have notice of that question," he murmured, and sat down.'
Expected: '"I must have notice of that question," he murmured, and sat down.'
Actual:   '``imusthavenoticeofthatquestion,''hemurmured,andsatdown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1763:
Input:    'then the bottled-up feelings of the police chiefs had their vent, and a hum of argument broke out like the snarl of numerous irritated bees.'
Expected: 'Then the bottled-up feelings of the Police Chiefs had their vent, and a hum of argument broke out like the snarl of numerous irritated bees.'
Actual:   'Thenthebottled-upfeelingsofthepolicechiefshadtheirvent,andahumofargumentbrokeoutlikethesnarlofnumerousirritatedbees.'
Type: Other error

Error #1764:
Input:    'marker remained aloof, taking no part in the discussion, but listening shrewdly to what his neighbours had to say.'
Expected: 'Marker remained aloof, taking no part in the discussion, but listening shrewdly to what his neighbours had to say.'
Actual:   'Markerremainedaloof,takingnopartinthediscussion,butlisteningshrewdlytowhathisneighbourshadtosay.'
Type: Other error

Error #1765:
Input:    'bill kennedy waved a hand to storm and lighted a cigar, seemingly bored with the whole business.'
Expected: 'Bill Kennedy waved a hand to Storm and lighted a cigar, seemingly bored with the whole business.'
Actual:   'Billkennedywavedahandtostormandlightedacigar,seeminglyboredwiththewholebusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1766:
Input:    'inspector teal was shaking his head.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal was shaking his head.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealwasshakinghishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #1767:
Input:    '"never," he muttered breathlessly, "never, never did i hope to see this day....'
Expected: '"Never," he muttered breathlessly, "never, never did I hope to see this day....'
Actual:   '``never,''hemutteredbreathlessly,``never,neverdidihopetoseethisday....'
Type: Other error

Error #1768:
Input:    'kent road's nothin'--he's knocked 'em on the old embankment and he's got away with it...." his vast form vibrated with titanic ecstasy....'
Expected: 'Kent Road's nothin'--he's knocked 'em on the old Embankment and he's got away with it...." His vast form vibrated with Titanic ecstasy....'
Actual:   'Kentroad'snothin' -- he'sknocked'emontheoldembankmentandhe'sgotawaywithit....''hisvastformvibratedwithtitanicecstasy....'
Type: Other error

Error #1769:
Input:    '"'flat-footed half-wits...'
Expected: '"'Flat-footed half-wits...'
Actual:   '``'flat-footedhalf-wits...'
Type: Other error

Error #1770:
Input:    'you can take your choice!'...'
Expected: 'you can take your choice!'...'
Actual:   'Youcantakeyourchoice! '...'
Type: Other error

Error #1771:
Input:    'oh, boy!...'
Expected: 'Oh, Boy!...'
Actual:   'Oh,boy!...'
Type: Other error

Error #1772:
Input:    '_oh_, boy!..." "teal!" whispered storm reprovingly.'
Expected: '_Oh_, BOY!..." "Teal!" whispered Storm reprovingly.'
Actual:   '_oh_,boy!...'' ``teal!'' Whisperedstormreprovingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1773:
Input:    '"this mirth is nearly indecent!" he himself was sublimely unconcerned, for he knew exactly where he had the great ones of scotland yard.'
Expected: '"This mirth is nearly indecent!" He himself was sublimely unconcerned, for he knew exactly where he had the Great Ones of Scotland Yard.'
Actual:   '``thismirthisnearlyindecent!'' Hehimselfwassublimelyunconcerned,forheknewexactlywherehehadthegreatonesofscotlandyard.'
Type: Other error

Error #1774:
Input:    'he had them right where he wanted them, gently but firmly held down under his brogues, and he wasn't of the type to indulge in gloating on that account.'
Expected: 'He had them right where he wanted them, gently but firmly held down under his brogues, and he wasn't of the type to indulge in gloating on that account.'
Actual:   'Hehadthemrightwherehewantedthem,gentlybutfirmlyhelddownunderhisbrogues,andhewasn'tofthetypetoindulgeingloatingonthataccount.'
Type: Other error

Error #1775:
Input:    'it had simply been, in his opinion, necessary for him to stand on their necks, and he had done it.'
Expected: 'It had simply been, in his opinion, necessary for him to stand on their necks, and he had done it.'
Actual:   'Ithadsimplybeen,inhisopinion,necessaryforhimtostandontheirnecks,andhehaddoneit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1776:
Input:    'that was all.'
Expected: 'That was all.'
Actual:   'Thatwasall.'
Type: Other error

Error #1777:
Input:    'it never occurred to him to crow about it, any more than he gave a snide halfpenny for the consequences.'
Expected: 'It never occurred to him to crow about it, any more than he gave a snide halfpenny for the consequences.'
Actual:   'Itneveroccurredtohimtocrowaboutit,anymorethanhegaveasnidehalfpennyfortheconsequences.'
Type: Other error

Error #1778:
Input:    'he finished his cigarette and extinguished it, and selected a second.'
Expected: 'He finished his cigarette and extinguished it, and selected a second.'
Actual:   'Hefinishedhiscigaretteandextinguishedit,andselectedasecond.'
Type: Other error

Error #1779:
Input:    'the drone of dispute died away.'
Expected: 'The drone of dispute died away.'
Actual:   'Thedroneofdisputediedaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1780:
Input:    '"will you answer some questions?" asked sir john marker.'
Expected: '"Will you answer some questions?" asked Sir John Marker.'
Actual:   '``willyouanswersomequestions?'' Askedsirjohnmarker.'
Type: Other error

Error #1781:
Input:    '"within limits--yes," storm gave back without hesitation.'
Expected: '"Within limits--yes," Storm gave back without hesitation.'
Actual:   '``withinlimits -- yes,''stormgavebackwithouthesitation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1782:
Input:    '"are you convinced that you know the triangle?" "yes," "you based your conclusion entirely on two scraps of evidence?" "yes." "solely?" "no.'
Expected: '"Are you convinced that you know the Triangle?" "Yes," "You based your conclusion entirely on two scraps of evidence?" "Yes." "Solely?" "No.'
Actual:   '``areyouconvincedthatyouknowthetriangle?'' ``yes,''``youbasedyourconclusionentirelyontwoscrapsofevidence?'' ``yes.'' ``solely?'' ``no.'
Type: Other error

Error #1783:
Input:    'only a born fool forms a theory on the basis of two scraps of evidence without applying the known facts to that theory and finding out how it wears." "and you think your theory stands the test?" "beautifully." "what chance would you give your theory in a court of law?" "about as much chance as a very small icicle in a burning fiery furnace," said storm carefully--"depending, of course, on the precise grade of imbeciles you chose your jury from." the home secretary conferred in an undertone with smethurst.'
Expected: 'Only a born fool forms a theory on the basis of two scraps of evidence without applying the known facts to that theory and finding out how it wears." "And you think your theory stands the test?" "Beautifully." "What chance would you give your theory in a court of law?" "About as much chance as a very small icicle in a burning fiery furnace," said Storm carefully--"depending, of course, on the precise grade of imbeciles you chose your jury from." The Home Secretary conferred in an undertone with Smethurst.'
Actual:   'Onlyabornfoolformsatheoryonthebasisoftwoscrapsofevidencewithoutapplyingtheknownfactstothattheoryandfindingouthowitwears.'' ``andyouthinkyourtheorystandsthetest?'' ``beautifully.'' ``whatchancewouldyougiveyourtheoryinacourtoflaw?'' ``aboutasmuchchanceasaverysmallicicleinaburningfieryfurnace,''saidstormcarefully -- ''depending,ofcourse,ontheprecisegradeofimbecilesyouchoseyourjuryfrom.'' Thehomesecretaryconferredinanundertonewithsmethurst.'
Type: Other error

Error #1784:
Input:    '"then you think," he said, his lips twitching at the corners, "that if you are allowed to go on in your own way.'
Expected: '"Then you think," he said, his lips twitching at the corners, "that if you are allowed to go on in your own way.'
Actual:   '``thenyouthink,''hesaid,hislipstwitchingatthecorners,``thatifyouareallowedtogooninyourownway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1785:
Input:    'without question, you will be able to raise your theory to the standard of obviousness demanded by a jury of average imbeciles?" "it's possible." "and what about the crimes which may be committed by the triangle while you are attempting to do this?" "they will be fewer than if you took the case out of my hands." "then what are your immediate plans?" "i'm going to confirm my theory to my own satisfaction, and--by way of an impartial witness--to the satisfaction of inspector teal; and then i shall find the triangle, and----" "and?" "he will die," said storm simply.'
Expected: 'without question, you will be able to raise your theory to the standard of obviousness demanded by a jury of average imbeciles?" "It's possible." "And what about the crimes which may be committed by the Triangle while you are attempting to do this?" "They will be fewer than if you took the case out of my hands." "Then what are your immediate plans?" "I'm going to confirm my theory to my own satisfaction, and--by way of an impartial witness--to the satisfaction of Inspector Teal; and then I shall find the Triangle, and----" "And?" "He will die," said Storm simply.'
Actual:   'Withoutquestion,youwillbeabletoraiseyourtheorytothestandardofobviousnessdemandedbyajuryofaverageimbeciles?'' ``it'spossible.'' ``andwhataboutthecrimeswhichmaybecommittedbythetrianglewhileyouareattemptingtodothis?'' ``theywillbefewerthanifyoutookthecaseoutofmyhands.'' ``thenwhatareyourimmediateplans?'' ``i'mgoingtoconfirmmytheorytomyownsatisfaction,and -- bywayofanimpartialwitness -- tothesatisfactionofinspectorteal;andthenishallfindthetriangle,and --  -- ''``and?'' ``hewilldie,''saidstormsimply.'
Type: Other error

Error #1786:
Input:    '"but it will not be on the gallows." his even, unemotional tone held them all rapt.'
Expected: '"But it will not be on the gallows." His even, unemotional tone held them all rapt.'
Actual:   '``butitwillnotbeonthegallows.'' Hiseven,unemotionaltoneheldthemallrapt.'
Type: Other error

Error #1787:
Input:    'in spite of themselves, his personality had gripped them.'
Expected: 'In spite of themselves, his personality had gripped them.'
Actual:   'Inspiteofthemselves,hispersonalityhadgrippedthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1788:
Input:    'his slim straight figure stood out above them; his level confident voice commanded their unwilling attention; he dominated the scene as surely as if he had sat in the chief commissioner's chair with all the authority of parliament behind him.'
Expected: 'His slim straight figure stood out above them; his level confident voice commanded their unwilling attention; he dominated the scene as surely as if he had sat in the Chief Commissioner's chair with all the authority of Parliament behind him.'
Actual:   'Hisslimstraightfigurestoodoutabovethem;hislevelconfidentvoicecommandedtheirunwillingattention;hedominatedthesceneassurelyasifhehadsatinthechiefcommissioner'schairwithalltheauthorityofparliamentbehindhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1789:
Input:    '"that," he said, "is the only reason why i do not intend to conduct this case in the normal way." he looked around him searchingly, and then his eyes returned to the home secretary.'
Expected: '"That," he said, "is the only reason why I do not intend to conduct this case in the normal way." He looked around him searchingly, and then his eyes returned to the Home Secretary.'
Actual:   '``that,''hesaid,``istheonlyreasonwhyidonotintendtoconductthiscaseinthenormalway.'' Helookedaroundhimsearchingly,andthenhiseyesreturnedtothehomesecretary.'
Type: Other error

Error #1790:
Input:    '"i will now make my demands." they gasped again at that--his unassuming presumption was a paradox they needed time to digest.'
Expected: '"I will now make my demands." They gasped again at that--his unassuming presumption was a paradox they needed time to digest.'
Actual:   '``iwillnowmakemydemands.'' Theygaspedagainatthat -- hisunassumingpresumptionwasaparadoxtheyneededtimetodigest.'
Type: Other error

Error #1791:
Input:    '"you will permit me to go on with the case as i wish, with the assistance of inspector teal.'
Expected: '"You will permit me to go on with the case as I wish, with the assistance of Inspector Teal.'
Actual:   '``youwillpermitmetogoonwiththecaseasiwish,withtheassistanceofinspectorteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1792:
Input:    'you will ask for no information, nor will you follow up the hints i have given you this afternoon.'
Expected: 'You will ask for no information, nor will you follow up the hints I have given you this afternoon.'
Actual:   'Youwillaskfornoinformation,norwillyoufollowupthehintsihavegivenyouthisafternoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #1793:
Input:    'you will keep secret my real name, which is now known to you, until i wish the fact to be published.'
Expected: 'You will keep secret my real name, which is now known to you, until I wish the fact to be published.'
Actual:   'Youwillkeepsecretmyrealname,whichisnowknowntoyou,untiliwishthefacttobepublished.'
Type: Other error

Error #1794:
Input:    'you will allow me to take what counter-measures i think fit to meet the offensive of the triangle.'
Expected: 'You will allow me to take what counter-measures I think fit to meet the offensive of the Triangle.'
Actual:   'Youwillallowmetotakewhatcounter-measuresithinkfittomeettheoffensiveofthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1795:
Input:    'that may seem arrogant," he continued after a short silence, as though the possibility had just occurred to him.'
Expected: 'That may seem arrogant," he continued after a short silence, as though the possibility had just occurred to him.'
Actual:   'Thatmayseemarrogant,''hecontinuedafterashortsilence,asthoughthepossibilityhadjustoccurredtohim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1796:
Input:    '"as a matter of fact, it's only to emphasise my determination.'
Expected: '"As a matter of fact, it's only to emphasise my determination.'
Actual:   '``asamatteroffact,it'sonlytoemphasisemydetermination.'
Type: Other error

Error #1797:
Input:    'anyway, you wouldn't all mess about with the case, so my reticence won't hinder you.'
Expected: 'Anyway, you wouldn't all mess about with the case, so my reticence won't hinder you.'
Actual:   'Anyway,youwouldn'tallmessaboutwiththecase,somyreticencewon'thinderyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #1798:
Input:    'kennedy and inspector teal will vouch for my competence.'
Expected: 'Kennedy and Inspector Teal will vouch for my competence.'
Actual:   'Kennedyandinspectortealwillvouchformycompetence.'
Type: Other error

Error #1799:
Input:    'in a fortnight the triangle will have ceased to be--i can guarantee that..." he paused, while bill kennedy and the for-once-completely-awake mr.'
Expected: 'In a fortnight the Triangle will have ceased to be--I can guarantee that..." He paused, while Bill Kennedy and the for-once-completely-awake Mr.'
Actual:   'Inafortnightthetrianglewillhaveceasedtobe -- icanguaranteethat...''hepaused,whilebillkennedyandthefor-once-completely-awakeMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1800:
Input:    'teal nodded their answers to the unspoken question of the rest of the board.'
Expected: 'Teal nodded their answers to the unspoken question of the rest of the Board.'
Actual:   'Tealnoddedtheiranswerstotheunspokenquestionoftherestoftheboard.'
Type: Other error

Error #1801:
Input:    '"finally," said storm, "if sir john marker would like to come into a private room with me, i will tell him the name of the apex of the triangle." the home secretary deliberated for a moment, and then led the way.'
Expected: '"Finally," said Storm, "if Sir John Marker would like to come into a private room with me, I will tell him the name of the Apex of the Triangle." The Home Secretary deliberated for a moment, and then led the way.'
Actual:   '``finally,''saidstorm,``ifsirjohnmarkerwouldliketocomeintoaprivateroomwithme,iwilltellhimthenameoftheapexofthetriangle.'' Thehomesecretarydeliberatedforamoment,andthenledtheway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1802:
Input:    'they were absent for fully half an hour, during which time bill kennedy appeared to go to sleep and inspector teal stolidly shook his head and refused to answer the questions that were showered upon him.'
Expected: 'They were absent for fully half an hour, during which time Bill Kennedy appeared to go to sleep and Inspector Teal stolidly shook his head and refused to answer the questions that were showered upon him.'
Actual:   'Theywereabsentforfullyhalfanhour,duringwhichtimebillkennedyappearedtogotosleepandinspectortealstolidlyshookhisheadandrefusedtoanswerthequestionsthatwereshowereduponhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1803:
Input:    'when sir john marker returned his face was white and he seemed to be shivering.'
Expected: 'When Sir John Marker returned his face was white and he seemed to be shivering.'
Actual:   'Whensirjohnmarkerreturnedhisfacewaswhiteandheseemedtobeshivering.'
Type: Other error

Error #1804:
Input:    '"captain arden continues with the case, on his own terms," he instructed curtly.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden continues with the case, on his own terms," he instructed curtly.'
Actual:   '``captainardencontinueswiththecase,onhisownterms,''heinstructedcurtly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1805:
Input:    '"i may say that i agree with his attitude in every way.'
Expected: '"I may say that I agree with his attitude in every way.'
Actual:   '``imaysaythatiagreewithhisattitudeineveryway.'
Type: Other error

Error #1806:
Input:    'but keep it dark...'
Expected: 'But keep it dark...'
Actual:   'Butkeepitdark...'
Type: Other error

Error #1807:
Input:    'i don't want trouble in the house." the other members of the board stared at him blankly, for they had anticipated nothing so decisive.'
Expected: 'I don't want trouble in the House." The other members of the Board stared at him blankly, for they had anticipated nothing so decisive.'
Actual:   'Idon'twanttroubleinthehouse.'' Theothermembersoftheboardstaredathimblankly,fortheyhadanticipatednothingsodecisive.'
Type: Other error

Error #1808:
Input:    'there was an eerie chill in the air, born of sir john marker's ghostly pallor, that would have shaken less matter-of-fact men.'
Expected: 'There was an eerie chill in the air, born of Sir John Marker's ghostly pallor, that would have shaken less matter-of-fact men.'
Actual:   'Therewasaneeriechillintheair,bornofsirjohnmarker'sghostlypallor,thatwouldhaveshakenlessmatter-of-factmen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1809:
Input:    'the hint of something vast and menacing and incomprehensible loomed over them...'
Expected: 'The hint of something vast and menacing and incomprehensible loomed over them...'
Actual:   'Thehintofsomethingvastandmenacingandincomprehensibleloomedoverthem...'
Type: Other error

Error #1810:
Input:    'something bigger than even the _daily record_ had ever dreamed of....'
Expected: 'something bigger than even the _Daily Record_ had ever dreamed of....'
Actual:   'Somethingbiggerthaneventhe_dailyrecord_hadeverdreamedof....'
Type: Other error

Error #1811:
Input:    'they broke up into little groups which converged on the placid storm and the now weary teal, while sir brodie smethurst escorted the home secretary from the room.'
Expected: 'They broke up into little groups which converged on the placid Storm and the now weary Teal, while Sir Brodie Smethurst escorted the Home Secretary from the room.'
Actual:   'Theybrokeupintolittlegroupswhichconvergedontheplacidstormandthenowwearyteal,whilesirbrodiesmethurstescortedthehomesecretaryfromtheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #1812:
Input:    'as the minister was taking his leave, the chief commissioner stopped him.'
Expected: 'As the Minister was taking his leave, the Chief Commissioner stopped him.'
Actual:   'Astheministerwastakinghisleave,thechiefcommissionerstoppedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1813:
Input:    '"there's been a lot of talk about that man raegenssen," he said.'
Expected: '"There's been a lot of talk about that man Raegenssen," he said.'
Actual:   '``there'sbeenalotoftalkaboutthatmanraegenssen,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1814:
Input:    '"i've heard other things about him which make him interesting in a general way, apart from the triangle.'
Expected: '"I've heard other things about him which make him interesting in a general way, apart from the Triangle.'
Actual:   '``i'veheardotherthingsabouthimwhichmakehiminterestinginageneralway,apartfromthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #1815:
Input:    'can't i have that one question?" the home secretary moistened his dry lips as he shook his head, and smiled crookedly.'
Expected: 'Can't I have that one question?" The Home Secretary moistened his dry lips as he shook his head, and smiled crookedly.'
Actual:   'Can'tihavethatonequestion?'' Thehomesecretarymoistenedhisdrylipsasheshookhishead,andsmiledcrookedly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1816:
Input:    '"oscar raegenssen must have been reincarnated," he said flatly.'
Expected: '"Oscar Raegenssen must have been reincarnated," he said flatly.'
Actual:   '``oscarraegenssenmusthavebeenreincarnated,''hesaidflatly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1817:
Input:    '"he's been dead two days..." chapter x return of an exile there was a thin yellow envelope which was familiar to the members of the alpha triangle, for it was in such envelopes that they received their weekly general orders, and in similar envelopes the lieutenants of the apex communicated with their chief, under one or another of his various aliases.'
Expected: '"He's been dead two days..." CHAPTER X RETURN OF AN EXILE There was a thin yellow envelope which was familiar to the members of the Alpha Triangle, for it was in such envelopes that they received their weekly general orders, and in similar envelopes the lieutenants of the Apex communicated with their Chief, under one or another of his various aliases.'
Actual:   '``he'sbeendeadtwodays...''chapterXreturnofanexiletherewasathinYellowenvelopewhichwasfamiliartothemembersofthealphatriangle,foritwasinsuchenvelopesthattheyreceivedtheirweeklygeneralorders,andinsimilarenvelopesthelieutenantsoftheapexcommunicatedwiththeirchief,underoneoranotherofhisvariousaliases.'
Type: Other error

Error #1818:
Input:    'it was one of these which caught the eye of joan sands on a certain morning when she entered the living-room for her belated breakfast.'
Expected: 'It was one of these which caught the eye of Joan Sands on a certain morning when she entered the living-room for her belated breakfast.'
Actual:   'Itwasoneofthesewhichcaughttheeyeofjoansandsonacertainmorningwhensheenteredtheliving-roomforherbelatedbreakfast.'
Type: Other error

Error #1819:
Input:    'it lay beside her husband's plate unopened, for james mattock was absorbed in the latest news about the alpha triangle, as purveyed by the _daily mercury_, and seemed to be unattached for the moment by the more intimate news which awaited his scrutiny.'
Expected: 'It lay beside her husband's plate unopened, for James Mattock was absorbed in the latest news about the Alpha Triangle, as purveyed by the _Daily Mercury_, and seemed to be unattached for the moment by the more intimate news which awaited his scrutiny.'
Actual:   'Itlaybesideherhusband'splateunopened,forjamesmattockwasabsorbedinthelatestnewsaboutthealphatriangle,aspurveyedbythe_dailymercury_,andseemedtobeunattachedforthemomentbythemoreintimatenewswhichawaitedhisscrutiny.'
Type: Other error

Error #1820:
Input:    'he glanced up as she came in, gave her a perfunctory smile, and went on with his reading.'
Expected: 'He glanced up as she came in, gave her a perfunctory smile, and went on with his reading.'
Actual:   'Heglancedupasshecamein,gaveheraperfunctorysmile,andwentonwithhisreading.'
Type: Other error

Error #1821:
Input:    'joan took her seat and poured herself out some coffee.'
Expected: 'Joan took her seat and poured herself out some coffee.'
Actual:   'Joantookherseatandpouredherselfoutsomecoffee.'
Type: Other error

Error #1822:
Input:    'there were unbecoming shadows under her eyes; and, not yet rouged and powdered, she was unhealthily pale.'
Expected: 'There were unbecoming shadows under her eyes; and, not yet rouged and powdered, she was unhealthily pale.'
Actual:   'Therewereunbecomingshadowsunderhereyes;and,notyetrougedandpowdered,shewasunhealthilypale.'
Type: Other error

Error #1823:
Input:    'the girl had altered during the past week, and mattock had noticed the change without understanding it.'
Expected: 'The girl had altered during the past week, and Mattock had noticed the change without understanding it.'
Actual:   'Thegirlhadalteredduringthepastweek,andmattockhadnoticedthechangewithoutunderstandingit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1824:
Input:    'there had never been any love between them--the old sophisticated joan would have scoffed at the idea--but there had been mattock's infatuation and the girl's readiness to accept anything that offered in the shape of easy money and a good time.'
Expected: 'There had never been any love between them--the old sophisticated Joan would have scoffed at the idea--but there had been Mattock's infatuation and the girl's readiness to accept anything that offered in the shape of easy money and a good time.'
Actual:   'Therehadneverbeenanylovebetweenthem -- theoldsophisticatedjoanwouldhavescoffedattheidea -- buttherehadbeenMattock'sinfatuationandthegirl'sreadinesstoacceptanythingthatofferedintheshapeofeasymoneyandagoodtime.'
Type: Other error

Error #1825:
Input:    'he had done much for her--had served a term of imprisonment to save her life--and she was grateful.'
Expected: 'He had done much for her--had served a term of imprisonment to save her life--and she was grateful.'
Actual:   'Hehaddonemuchforher -- hadservedatermofimprisonmenttosaveherlife -- andshewasgrateful.'
Type: Other error

Error #1826:
Input:    'but love...'
Expected: 'But love...'
Actual:   'Butlove...'
Type: Other error

Error #1827:
Input:    'she was a gold-digger, and she was honest about it; she played the game by him, because her own peculiar code commanded her to.'
Expected: 'She was a gold-digger, and she was honest about it; she played the game by him, because her own peculiar code commanded her to.'
Actual:   'Shewasagold-digger,andshewashonestaboutit;sheplayedthegamebyhim,becauseherownpeculiarcodecommandedherto.'
Type: Other error

Error #1828:
Input:    'she would have given him what he wanted without the formality of marriage, because she was fond of him in a cynical way, and he had been very good to her in his unworldly, altruistic manner.'
Expected: 'She would have given him what he wanted without the formality of marriage, because she was fond of him in a cynical way, and he had been very good to her in his unworldly, altruistic manner.'
Actual:   'Shewouldhavegivenhimwhathewantedwithouttheformalityofmarriage,becauseshewasfondofhiminacynicalway,andhehadbeenverygoodtoherinhisunworldly,altruisticmanner.'
Type: Other error

Error #1829:
Input:    'not that she was in any sense promiscuous; that was about the only form of gold-digging she barred, and that fact, perhaps, constituted her only virtue in the eyes of her victims.'
Expected: 'Not that she was in any sense promiscuous; that was about the only form of gold-digging she barred, and that fact, perhaps, constituted her only virtue in the eyes of her victims.'
Actual:   'Notthatshewasinanysensepromiscuous;thatwasabouttheonlyformofgold-diggingshebarred,andthatfact,perhaps,constitutedheronlyvirtueintheeyesofhervictims.'
Type: Other error

Error #1830:
Input:    'it is difficult to analyse her mind.'
Expected: 'It is difficult to analyse her mind.'
Actual:   'Itisdifficulttoanalysehermind.'
Type: Other error

Error #1831:
Input:    'a child of the people, she had risen to the fringe of society by reason of her beauty, wit, vivacity, and a certain acquired refinement, while her less gifted brother remained in the ranks of the petty in-and-out-of-"stir" sneak-thieves.'
Expected: 'A child of the people, she had risen to the fringe of Society by reason of her beauty, wit, vivacity, and a certain acquired refinement, while her less gifted brother remained in the ranks of the petty in-and-out-of-"stir" sneak-thieves.'
Actual:   'Achildofthepeople,shehadrisentothefringeofsocietybyreasonofherbeauty,wit,vivacity,andacertainacquiredrefinement,whileherlessgiftedbrotherremainedintheranksofthepettyin-and-out-of-''stir''sneak-thieves.'
Type: Other error

Error #1832:
Input:    'she kept up her position because she was unscrupulous where money was concerned.'
Expected: 'She kept up her position because she was unscrupulous where money was concerned.'
Actual:   'Shekeptupherpositionbecauseshewasunscrupulouswheremoneywasconcerned.'
Type: Other error

Error #1833:
Input:    'and yet, incredible as it may seem, for all the wealth her foolish middle-aged admirers had offered her, she had come to james mattock a virgin.'
Expected: 'And yet, incredible as it may seem, for all the wealth her foolish middle-aged admirers had offered her, she had come to James Mattock a virgin.'
Actual:   'Andyet,incredibleasitmayseem,forallthewealthherfoolishmiddle-agedadmirershadofferedher,shehadcometojamesmattockavirgin.'
Type: Other error

Error #1834:
Input:    'so ill-assorted a couple were they--james mattock, oxford graduate and gentleman by birth, who had in his headlong course down-hill tasted all but the ultimate dregs of dissipation, unselfishly in love with a woman of the criminal classes whose chastity had been her only claim to his consideration....'
Expected: 'So ill-assorted a couple were they--James Mattock, Oxford graduate and gentleman by birth, who had in his headlong course down-hill tasted all but the ultimate dregs of dissipation, unselfishly in love with a woman of the criminal classes whose chastity had been her only claim to his consideration....'
Actual:   'Soill-assortedacouplewerethey -- jamesmattock,oxfordgraduateandgentlemanbybirth,whohadinhisheadlongcoursedown-hilltastedallbuttheultimatedregsofdissipation,unselfishlyinlovewithawomanofthecriminalclasseswhosechastityhadbeenheronlyclaimtohisconsideration....'
Type: Other error

Error #1835:
Input:    'he was at a loss, now, to interpret her changed attitude towards him.'
Expected: 'He was at a loss, now, to interpret her changed attitude towards him.'
Actual:   'Hewasataloss,now,tointerpretherchangedattitudetowardshim.'
Type: Other error

Error #1836:
Input:    'ordinarily, she had been the ideal of a good comrade to him--not demonstratively affectionate, yet kindly sympathetic, loyal and trustworthy.'
Expected: 'Ordinarily, she had been the ideal of a good comrade to him--not demonstratively affectionate, yet kindly sympathetic, loyal and trustworthy.'
Actual:   'Ordinarily,shehadbeentheidealofagoodcomradetohim -- notdemonstrativelyaffectionate,yetkindlysympathetic,loyalandtrustworthy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1837:
Input:    'of late she had become rather distant.'
Expected: 'Of late she had become rather distant.'
Actual:   'Oflateshehadbecomeratherdistant.'
Type: Other error

Error #1838:
Input:    'there was an awkwardness between them which exasperated mattock and perplexed the girl herself.'
Expected: 'There was an awkwardness between them which exasperated Mattock and perplexed the girl herself.'
Actual:   'Therewasanawkwardnessbetweenthemwhichexasperatedmattockandperplexedthegirlherself.'
Type: Other error

Error #1839:
Input:    '"you've forgotten your letter," she reminded him as he drained his cup and rose to go.'
Expected: '"You've forgotten your letter," she reminded him as he drained his cup and rose to go.'
Actual:   '``you'veforgottenyourletter,''sheremindedhimashedrainedhiscupandrosetogo.'
Type: Other error

Error #1840:
Input:    '"oh, yes." he was preoccupied.'
Expected: '"Oh, yes." He was preoccupied.'
Actual:   '``oh,yes.'' Hewaspreoccupied.'
Type: Other error

Error #1841:
Input:    'she could see the lines of worry on his face.'
Expected: 'She could see the lines of worry on his face.'
Actual:   'Shecouldseethelinesofworryonhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #1842:
Input:    'he had been past middle age when he had met her, and prison had aged him; he had aged even more during the last few days.'
Expected: 'He had been past middle age when he had met her, and prison had aged him; he had aged even more during the last few days.'
Actual:   'Hehadbeenpastmiddleagewhenhehadmether,andprisonhadagedhim;hehadagedevenmoreduringthelastfewdays.'
Type: Other error

Error #1843:
Input:    'his unspoken trouble awakened the old companionship--shook for a moment the strange barrier of reserve which had separated them so incomprehensibly.'
Expected: 'His unspoken trouble awakened the old companionship--shook for a moment the strange barrier of reserve which had separated them so incomprehensibly.'
Actual:   'Hisunspokentroubleawakenedtheoldcompanionship -- shookforamomentthestrangebarrierofreservewhichhadseparatedthemsoincomprehensibly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1844:
Input:    'she fetched his hat and umbrella for him, and then put her hands on his shoulders.'
Expected: 'She fetched his hat and umbrella for him, and then put her hands on his shoulders.'
Actual:   'Shefetchedhishatandumbrellaforhim,andthenputherhandsonhisshoulders.'
Type: Other error

Error #1845:
Input:    '"what is it, jimmy?" she prompted.'
Expected: '"What is it, Jimmy?" she prompted.'
Actual:   '``whatisit,jimmy?'' Sheprompted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1846:
Input:    '"you're so quiet lately." "am i?'
Expected: '"You're so quiet lately." "Am I?'
Actual:   '``you'resoquietlately.'' ``ami?'
Type: Other error

Error #1847:
Input:    'oh, yes, dear, perhaps i am a bit.'
Expected: 'Oh, yes, dear, perhaps I am a bit.'
Actual:   'Oh,yes,dear,perhapsiamabit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1848:
Input:    'i'm not feeling quite myself." his voice was expressionless.'
Expected: 'I'm not feeling quite myself." His voice was expressionless.'
Actual:   'I'mnotfeelingquitemyself.'' Hisvoicewasexpressionless.'
Type: Other error

Error #1849:
Input:    '"this--the whole thing's rather getting on my nerves, i think." he had forgotten the yellow envelope in spite of her reminder, and she went back for it and placed it in his hands.'
Expected: '"This--the whole thing's rather getting on my nerves, I think." He had forgotten the yellow envelope in spite of her reminder, and she went back for it and placed it in his hands.'
Actual:   '``this -- thewholething'srathergettingonmynerves,ithink.'' Hehadforgottentheyellowenvelopeinspiteofherreminder,andshewentbackforitandplaceditinhishands.'
Type: Other error

Error #1850:
Input:    '"do you have to go on?" she said wistfully.'
Expected: '"Do you have to go on?" she said wistfully.'
Actual:   '``doyouhavetogoon?'' Shesaidwistfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #1851:
Input:    '"i wish--i wish you'd drop it, jimmy." "you wouldn't have this flat, then," he said innocently.'
Expected: '"I wish--I wish you'd drop it, Jimmy." "You wouldn't have this flat, then," he said innocently.'
Actual:   '``iwish -- iwishyou'ddropit,jimmy.'' ``youwouldn'thavethisflat,then,''hesaidinnocently.'
Type: Other error

Error #1852:
Input:    '"d'you think that's everything in my life?" she broke out resentfully.'
Expected: '"D'you think that's everything in my life?" she broke out resentfully.'
Actual:   '``d'youthinkthat'severythinginmylife?'' Shebrokeoutresentfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #1853:
Input:    '"didn't i marry you when you hadn't a bean--when you had to--to steal for me?'
Expected: '"Didn't I marry you when you hadn't a bean--when you had to--to steal for me?'
Actual:   '``didn'timarryyouwhenyouhadn'tabean -- whenyouhadto -- tostealforme?'
Type: Other error

Error #1854:
Input:    'have we always got to have this life, with everyone's hand against us, and nothing in the future...'
Expected: 'Have we always got to have this life, with everyone's hand against us, and nothing in the future...'
Actual:   'Havewealwaysgottohavethislife,witheveryone'shandagainstus,andnothinginthefuture...'
Type: Other error

Error #1855:
Input:    'unless it's aylesbury for me and the awful place for you?" the wall was down now.'
Expected: 'unless it's Aylesbury for me and the Awful Place for you?" The wall was down now.'
Actual:   'Unlessit'saylesburyformeandtheawfulplaceforyou?'' Thewallwasdownnow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1856:
Input:    '"this silly feud of yours is going to cost us everything!'
Expected: '"This silly feud of yours is going to cost us everything!'
Actual:   '``thissillyfeudofyoursisgoingtocostuseverything!'
Type: Other error

Error #1857:
Input:    'that's the only idea you've got in your head--to satisfy your rotten vanity, and get your paltry revenge--and you'll go on slogging at it, and risking on it, and wasting your whole life on it!'
Expected: 'That's the only idea you've got in your head--to satisfy your rotten vanity, and get your paltry revenge--and you'll go on slogging at it, and risking on it, and wasting your whole life on it!'
Actual:   'That'stheonlyideayou'vegotinyourhead -- tosatisfyyourrottenvanity,andgetyourpaltryrevenge -- andyou'llgoonsloggingatit,andriskingonit,andwastingyourwholelifeonit!'
Type: Other error

Error #1858:
Input:    'you've set it up as your god, and you'll sacrifice everything to it--sacrifice yourself--sacrifice _me_!...'
Expected: 'You've set it up as your god, and you'll sacrifice everything to it--sacrifice yourself--sacrifice _me_!...'
Actual:   'You'vesetitupasyourgod,andyou'llsacrificeeverythingtoit -- sacrificeyourself -- sacrifice_me_!...'
Type: Other error

Error #1859:
Input:    'you've kidded yourself that heaven's at the end of this road you're going, and you'll sweat for your worm-eaten heaven--you'll slave and slink and cringe and break your heart to feed this bloody thing that's gnawing away inside you--and what good'll it do you?" "we've had all this before," said mattock tonelessly.'
Expected: 'You've kidded yourself that heaven's at the end of this road you're going, and you'll sweat for your worm-eaten heaven--you'll slave and slink and cringe and break your heart to feed this bloody thing that's gnawing away inside you--and what good'll it do you?" "We've had all this before," said Mattock tonelessly.'
Actual:   'You'vekiddedyourselfthatheaven'sattheendofthisroadyou'regoing,andyou'llsweatforyourworm-eatenheaven -- you'llslaveandslinkandcringeandbreakyourhearttofeedthisbloodythingthat'sgnawingawayinsideyou -- andwhatgood'llitdoyou?'' ``we'vehadallthisbefore,''saidmattocktonelessly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1860:
Input:    '"i've got to go on.'
Expected: '"I've got to go on.'
Actual:   '``i'vegottogoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #1861:
Input:    'i'm sorry, joan....'
Expected: 'I'm sorry, Joan....'
Actual:   'I'msorry,joan....'
Type: Other error

Error #1862:
Input:    'but you can get out of it--it nearly broke me up when i found you were in the triangle, but it's been on my mind ever since.'
Expected: 'But you can get out of it--it nearly broke me up when I found you were in the Triangle, but it's been on my mind ever since.'
Actual:   'Butyoucangetoutofit -- itnearlybrokemeupwhenifoundyouwereinthetriangle,butit'sbeenonmymindeversince.'
Type: Other error

Error #1863:
Input:    'get out of it, joan, and don't fret.'
Expected: 'Get out of it, Joan, and don't fret.'
Actual:   'Getoutofit,joan,anddon'tfret.'
Type: Other error

Error #1864:
Input:    'we'll pull through somehow." she faced him accusingly, unshed tears in her eyes.'
Expected: 'We'll pull through somehow." She faced him accusingly, unshed tears in her eyes.'
Actual:   'We'llpullthroughsomehow.'' Shefacedhimaccusingly,unshedtearsinhereyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1865:
Input:    '"if it costs you everything--in spite of all i've said, you're going on?" she flared.'
Expected: '"If it costs you everything--in spite of all I've said, you're going on?" she flared.'
Actual:   '``ifitcostsyoueverything -- inspiteofalli'vesaid,you'regoingon?'' Sheflared.'
Type: Other error

Error #1866:
Input:    'he nodded.'
Expected: 'He nodded.'
Actual:   'Henodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1867:
Input:    '"even if you lose...'
Expected: '"Even if you lose...'
Actual:   '``evenifyoulose...'
Type: Other error

Error #1868:
Input:    '_me_?" he stared at her.'
Expected: '_me_?" He stared at her.'
Actual:   '_me_?'' Hestaredather.'
Type: Other error

Error #1869:
Input:    '"you, joan?'
Expected: '"You, Joan?'
Actual:   '``you,joan?'
Type: Other error

Error #1870:
Input:    'why, how does it touch you?'
Expected: 'Why, how does it touch you?'
Actual:   'Why,howdoesittouchyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #1871:
Input:    'you can go--i've told you i'd prefer you to--and then, when it's all over----" "yes, _when_!" she blazed back.'
Expected: 'You can go--I've told you I'd prefer you to--and then, when it's all over----" "Yes, _when_!" she blazed back.'
Actual:   'Youcango -- i'vetoldyoui'dpreferyouto -- andthen,whenit'sallover --  -- ''``yes,_when_!'' Sheblazedback.'
Type: Other error

Error #1872:
Input:    '"and when that happens you'll be dead--dead!'
Expected: '"And when that happens you'll be dead--dead!'
Actual:   '``andwhenthathappensyou'llbedead -- dead!'
Type: Other error

Error #1873:
Input:    'don't you know that?'
Expected: 'Don't you know that?'
Actual:   'Don'tyouknowthat?'
Type: Other error

Error #1874:
Input:    'you're playing skittles with dynamite, james mattock--you're screwing your head into the mouth of a howitzer with a wild horse harnessed to the lanyard!'
Expected: 'You're playing skittles with dynamite, James Mattock--you're screwing your head into the mouth of a howitzer with a wild horse harnessed to the lanyard!'
Actual:   'You'replayingskittleswithdynamite,jamesmattock -- you'rescrewingyourheadintothemouthofahowitzerwithawildhorseharnessedtothelanyard!'
Type: Other error

Error #1875:
Input:    'you're mad!" she clung to him convulsively, her head buried in his shabby coat.'
Expected: 'You're mad!" She clung to him convulsively, her head buried in his shabby coat.'
Actual:   'You'remad!'' Sheclungtohimconvulsively,herheadburiedinhisshabbycoat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1876:
Input:    '"jimmy, give it up...'
Expected: '"Jimmy, give it up...'
Actual:   '``jimmy,giveitup...'
Type: Other error

Error #1877:
Input:    'don't go on asking for death!" instinctive actress though she was, her passionate outburst was desperately sincere, and mattock passed a shaking hand across his forehead as if to brush away a veil that clouded his eyes.'
Expected: 'don't go on asking for death!" Instinctive actress though she was, her passionate outburst was desperately sincere, and Mattock passed a shaking hand across his forehead as if to brush away a veil that clouded his eyes.'
Actual:   'Don'tgoonaskingfordeath!'' Instinctiveactressthoughshewas,herpassionateoutburstwasdesperatelysincere,andmattockpassedashakinghandacrosshisforeheadasiftobrushawayaveilthatcloudedhiseyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1878:
Input:    'and yet, when he took her gently by the shoulders and set her from him, the dull blankness of his eyes had given place only to the glimmer of a fanatical light.'
Expected: 'And yet, when he took her gently by the shoulders and set her from him, the dull blankness of his eyes had given place only to the glimmer of a fanatical light.'
Actual:   'Andyet,whenhetookhergentlybytheshouldersandsetherfromhim,thedullblanknessofhiseyeshadgivenplaceonlytotheglimmerofafanaticallight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1879:
Input:    '"there was sylvia," he said.'
Expected: '"There was Sylvia," he said.'
Actual:   '``therewassylvia,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1880:
Input:    '"i must go on....'
Expected: '"I must go on....'
Actual:   '``imustgoon....'
Type: Other error

Error #1881:
Input:    'she suffered cruelly...'
Expected: 'She suffered cruelly...'
Actual:   'Shesufferedcruelly...'
Type: Other error

Error #1882:
Input:    'i must...." he spoke as one who repeats a prayer, and as she drew away from him it seemed as if the old insurmountable wall slid into the space between them.'
Expected: 'I must...." He spoke as one who repeats a prayer, and as she drew away from him it seemed as if the old insurmountable wall slid into the space between them.'
Actual:   'Imust....''hespokeasonewhorepeatsaprayer,andasshedrewawayfromhimitseemedasiftheoldinsurmountablewallslidintothespacebetweenthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #1883:
Input:    'she must have realised it, for she made a last fierce effort to break through his armour.'
Expected: 'She must have realised it, for she made a last fierce effort to break through his armour.'
Actual:   'Shemusthaverealisedit,forshemadealastfierceefforttobreakthroughhisarmour.'
Type: Other error

Error #1884:
Input:    '"are you blind?" she whispered tremblingly.'
Expected: '"Are you blind?" she whispered tremblingly.'
Actual:   '``areyoublind?'' Shewhisperedtremblingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1885:
Input:    '"the strain's getting too much for me--and it's not myself i'm worrying about....'
Expected: '"The strain's getting too much for me--and it's not myself I'm worrying about....'
Actual:   '``thestrain'sgettingtoomuchforme -- andit'snotmyselfi'mworryingabout....'
Type: Other error

Error #1886:
Input:    'i've been blind too, and i've just realised it....'
Expected: 'I've been blind too, and I've just realised it....'
Actual:   'I'vebeenblindtoo,andi'vejustrealisedit....'
Type: Other error

Error #1887:
Input:    'jim"--a wonderful light was born suddenly in her eyes--"oh, jimmy"--breathlessly--"jimmy----" and then, in the old caprice of fate, the clock struck.'
Expected: 'Jim"--a wonderful light was born suddenly in her eyes--"oh, Jimmy"--breathlessly--"Jimmy----" And then, in the old caprice of Fate, the clock struck.'
Actual:   'Jim'' -- awonderfullightwasbornsuddenlyinhereyes -- ''oh,jimmy'' -- breathlessly -- ''jimmy --  -- ''andthen,intheoldcapriceoffate,theclockstruck.'
Type: Other error

Error #1888:
Input:    'the sharp chime of it perked mattock from his throbbing expectancy, wiped the dawning comprehension from his face, lashed and wrenched and hammered and tortured him back behind the reef that had all but crumbled away--beat him back to the cold matter-of-fact reality of things and his madness....'
Expected: 'The sharp chime of it perked Mattock from his throbbing expectancy, wiped the dawning comprehension from his face, lashed and wrenched and hammered and tortured him back behind the reef that had all but crumbled away--beat him back to the cold matter-of-fact reality of things and his madness....'
Actual:   'Thesharpchimeofitperkedmattockfromhisthrobbingexpectancy,wipedthedawningcomprehensionfromhisface,lashedandwrenchedandhammeredandtorturedhimbackbehindthereefthathadallbutcrumbledaway -- beathimbacktothecoldmatter-of-factrealityofthingsandhismadness....'
Type: Other error

Error #1889:
Input:    'flung back into his brain the madness that had come to him one drizzling afternoon when he had sworn to set a goal above all prizes....'
Expected: 'Flung back into his brain the madness that had come to him one drizzling afternoon when he had sworn to set a Goal above all Prizes....'
Actual:   'Flungbackintohisbrainthemadnessthathadcometohimonedrizzlingafternoonwhenhehadsworntosetagoalaboveallprizes....'
Type: Other error

Error #1890:
Input:    'gave him back the ambition--the one idea....'
Expected: 'Gave him back the Ambition--the One Idea....'
Actual:   'Gavehimbacktheambition -- theoneidea....'
Type: Other error

Error #1891:
Input:    '"i must be going," he said unevenly, for the hurt showed in his voice.'
Expected: '"I must be going," he said unevenly, for the hurt showed in his voice.'
Actual:   '``imustbegoing,''hesaidunevenly,forthehurtshowedinhisvoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #1892:
Input:    '"can't afford to lose my job.'
Expected: '"Can't afford to lose my job.'
Actual:   '``can'taffordtolosemyjob.'
Type: Other error

Error #1893:
Input:    'cheer up, joan." he kissed her--not perfunctorily now, but with all the frustrated longing of his heart.'
Expected: 'Cheer up, Joan." He kissed her--not perfunctorily now, but with all the frustrated longing of his heart.'
Actual:   'Cheerup,joan.'' Hekissedher -- notperfunctorilynow,butwithallthefrustratedlongingofhisheart.'
Type: Other error

Error #1894:
Input:    'and then he strode swiftly from the place.'
Expected: 'And then he strode swiftly from the place.'
Actual:   'Andthenhestrodeswiftlyfromtheplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #1895:
Input:    'he saw little of raegenssen that morning, for the swede marched straight through the outer office without his customary "goot morning!" to his clerk, and gave no instructions for the day's work.'
Expected: 'He saw little of Raegenssen that morning, for the Swede marched straight through the outer office without his customary "Goot morning!" to his clerk, and gave no instructions for the day's work.'
Actual:   'Hesawlittleofraegenssenthatmorning,fortheswedemarchedstraightthroughtheouterofficewithouthiscustomary``gootmorning!'' Tohisclerk,andgavenoinstructionsfortheday'swork.'
Type: Other error

Error #1896:
Input:    'raegenssen locked himself in the inner office and lighted a cigar.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen locked himself in the inner office and lighted a cigar.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenlockedhimselfintheinnerofficeandlightedacigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #1897:
Input:    'he opened the big safe and took down from it a number of ledgers and a bundle of miscellaneous papers bound up with tape.'
Expected: 'He opened the big safe and took down from it a number of ledgers and a bundle of miscellaneous papers bound up with tape.'
Actual:   'Heopenedthebigsafeandtookdownfromitanumberofledgersandabundleofmiscellaneouspapersboundupwithtape.'
Type: Other error

Error #1898:
Input:    'each one of the books and papers he went through carefully three times, as though memorising their contents, and then he tore out the pages which bore his scrawling handwriting, added the other papers to the pile, and carried the whole over to the fireplace.'
Expected: 'Each one of the books and papers he went through carefully three times, as though memorising their contents, and then he tore out the pages which bore his scrawling handwriting, added the other papers to the pile, and carried the whole over to the fireplace.'
Actual:   'Eachoneofthebooksandpapershewentthroughcarefullythreetimes,asthoughmemorisingtheircontents,andthenhetoreoutthepageswhichborehisscrawlinghandwriting,addedtheotherpaperstothepile,andcarriedthewholeovertothefireplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #1899:
Input:    'he watched them burn until every least scrap was reduced to brittle black flakes, and then with the poker he stirred and powdered the ash to a fine dust.'
Expected: 'He watched them burn until every least scrap was reduced to brittle black flakes, and then with the poker he stirred and powdered the ash to a fine dust.'
Actual:   'Hewatchedthemburnuntileveryleastscrapwasreducedtobrittleblackflakes,andthenwiththepokerhestirredandpowderedtheashtoafinedust.'
Type: Other error

Error #1900:
Input:    'even this, to make doubly sure, he swept up into the shovel and threw from the window.'
Expected: 'Even this, to make doubly sure, he swept up into the shovel and threw from the window.'
Actual:   'Eventhis,tomakedoublysure,hesweptupintotheshovelandthrewfromthewindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1901:
Input:    'he was left with three photographs, and these he placed in the wallet he carried in an inside pocket.'
Expected: 'He was left with three photographs, and these he placed in the wallet he carried in an inside pocket.'
Actual:   'Hewasleftwiththreephotographs,andtheseheplacedinthewallethecarriedinaninsidepocket.'
Type: Other error

Error #1902:
Input:    'then he resumed his seat and sat through the time it took him to smoke another cigar, motionless except for the regular monotonous twisting of the pencil in his strong hands.'
Expected: 'Then he resumed his seat and sat through the time it took him to smoke another cigar, motionless except for the regular monotonous twisting of the pencil in his strong hands.'
Actual:   'Thenheresumedhisseatandsatthroughthetimeittookhimtosmokeanothercigar,motionlessexceptfortheregularmonotonoustwistingofthepencilinhisstronghands.'
Type: Other error

Error #1903:
Input:    'it was nearing eleven-thirty when with a sudden movement of decision he snapped the pencil in half, pitched it into the waste-paper basket and rose.'
Expected: 'It was nearing eleven-thirty when with a sudden movement of decision he snapped the pencil in half, pitched it into the waste-paper basket and rose.'
Actual:   'Itwasnearingeleven-thirtywhenwithasuddenmovementofdecisionhesnappedthepencilinhalf,pitcheditintothewaste-paperbasketandrose.'
Type: Other error

Error #1904:
Input:    'he picked up his battered hat, unlocked the door, and passed again through the outer office without a word or a glance to either side, and mattock watched his departure with a puzzled frown.'
Expected: 'He picked up his battered hat, unlocked the door, and passed again through the outer office without a word or a glance to either side, and Mattock watched his departure with a puzzled frown.'
Actual:   'Hepickeduphisbatteredhat,unlockedthedoor,andpassedagainthroughtheouterofficewithoutawordoraglancetoeitherside,andmattockwatchedhisdeparturewithapuzzledfrown.'
Type: Other error

Error #1905:
Input:    'he went to the city and continental, drew some money, and made certain arrangements.'
Expected: 'He went to the City and Continental, drew some money, and made certain arrangements.'
Actual:   'Hewenttothecityandcontinental,drewsomemoney,andmadecertainarrangements.'
Type: Other error

Error #1906:
Input:    '"i see you've had a burglar," remarked blaythwayt when they had concluded their business.'
Expected: '"I see you've had a burglar," remarked Blaythwayt when they had concluded their business.'
Actual:   '``iseeyou'vehadaburglar,''remarkedblaythwaytwhentheyhadconcludedtheirbusiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #1907:
Input:    'he debarted away!" the swede's voice was lifeless.'
Expected: 'He debarted away!" The Swede's voice was lifeless.'
Actual:   'Hedebartedaway!'' Theswede'svoicewaslifeless.'
Type: Other error

Error #1908:
Input:    '"so the police haven't caught him yet?" raegenssen glowered.'
Expected: '"So the police haven't caught him yet?" Raegenssen glowered.'
Actual:   '``sothepolicehaven'tcaughthimyet?'' Raegenssenglowered.'
Type: Other error

Error #1909:
Input:    '"no!" he snapped.'
Expected: '"No!" he snapped.'
Actual:   '``no!'' Hesnapped.'
Type: Other error

Error #1910:
Input:    '"der bolice are fools!'
Expected: '"Der bolice are fools!'
Actual:   '``derbolicearefools!'
Type: Other error

Error #1911:
Input:    'why hof they nod ter driangle abbrehented?" he usually stayed for a short chat with his bank manager, but this morning he seemed curiously disinclined to be conversational.'
Expected: 'Why hof they nod ter Driangle abbrehented?" He usually stayed for a short chat with his bank manager, but this morning he seemed curiously disinclined to be conversational.'
Actual:   'Whyhoftheynodterdriangleabbrehented?'' Heusuallystayedforashortchatwithhisbankmanager,butthismorningheseemedcuriouslydisinclinedtobeconversational.'
Type: Other error

Error #1912:
Input:    'joe blaythwayt himself opened the door to his customer, and that simple soul was almost personally apologetic, for raegenssen's comments on the force seemed a direct slight on the lethargic officer who was wont on occasion to brighten the finchley nights entertainments.'
Expected: 'Joe Blaythwayt himself opened the door to his customer, and that simple soul was almost personally apologetic, for Raegenssen's comments on the Force seemed a direct slight on the lethargic officer who was wont on occasion to brighten the Finchley Nights Entertainments.'
Actual:   'Joeblaythwaythimselfopenedthedoortohiscustomer,andthatsimplesoulwasalmostpersonallyapologetic,forraegenssen'scommentsontheforceseemedadirectslightonthelethargicofficerwhowaswontonoccasiontobrightenthefinchleynightsentertainments.'
Type: Other error

Error #1913:
Input:    'that same teal, driving down lombard street in a taxi with a couple of unsuccessful jargoon sellers, saw the swede leaving the bank and chuckled.'
Expected: 'That same Teal, driving down Lombard Street in a taxi with a couple of unsuccessful jargoon sellers, saw the Swede leaving the bank and chuckled.'
Actual:   'Thatsameteal,drivingdownlombardstreetinataxiwithacoupleofunsuccessfuljargoonsellers,sawtheswedeleavingthebankandchuckled.'
Type: Other error

Error #1914:
Input:    '"you boys want to aim high," he said.'
Expected: '"You boys want to aim high," he said.'
Actual:   '``youboyswanttoaimhigh,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1915:
Input:    '"fifteen million pounds for a few murders is better than a hundred for a white sapphire!" things happened to mr.'
Expected: '"Fifteen million pounds for a few murders is better than a hundred for a white sapphire!" Things happened to Mr.'
Actual:   '``fifteenmillionpoundsforafewmurdersisbetterthanahundredforawhitesapphire!'' ThingshappenedtoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1916:
Input:    'teal in those days with the well-oiled precision of a detective story from a master pen.'
Expected: 'Teal in those days with the well-oiled precision of a detective story from a master pen.'
Actual:   'Tealinthosedayswiththewell-oiledprecisionofadetectivestoryfromamasterpen.'
Type: Other error

Error #1917:
Input:    'he was chatting downstairs in scotland yard that afternoon when a vast young man of incredible ugliness came hurtling down the steps three at a time.'
Expected: 'He was chatting downstairs in Scotland Yard that afternoon when a vast young man of incredible ugliness came hurtling down the steps three at a time.'
Actual:   'Hewaschattingdownstairsinscotlandyardthatafternoonwhenavastyoungmanofincredibleuglinesscamehurtlingdownthestepsthreeatatime.'
Type: Other error

Error #1918:
Input:    '"i want you, teal," he crisped.'
Expected: '"I want you, Teal," he crisped.'
Actual:   '``iwantyou,teal,''hecrisped.'
Type: Other error

Error #1919:
Input:    '"where's captain arden?" teal came to attention.'
Expected: '"Where's Captain Arden?" Teal came to attention.'
Actual:   '``where'scaptainarden?'' Tealcametoattention.'
Type: Other error

Error #1920:
Input:    '"i don't know, sir.'
Expected: '"I don't know, sir.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknow,sir.'
Type: Other error

Error #1921:
Input:    'he hasn't been in all day.'
Expected: 'He hasn't been in all day.'
Actual:   'Hehasn'tbeeninallday.'
Type: Other error

Error #1922:
Input:    'he said he'd be here about dinner-time." "get him on the phone." teal called the number, and was answered by the voice of cork.'
Expected: 'He said he'd be here about dinner-time." "Get him on the phone." Teal called the number, and was answered by the voice of Cork.'
Actual:   'Hesaidhe'dbehereaboutdinner-time.'' ``gethimonthephone.'' Tealcalledthenumber,andwasansweredbythevoiceofcork.'
Type: Other error

Error #1923:
Input:    'he snapped out a curt demand, listened, and then snicked back the receiver.'
Expected: 'He snapped out a curt demand, listened, and then snicked back the receiver.'
Actual:   'Hesnappedoutacurtdemand,listened,andthensnickedbackthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #1924:
Input:    '"no good, sir," he said.'
Expected: '"No good, sir," he said.'
Actual:   '``nogood,sir,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1925:
Input:    '"captain arden's been out since eleven this morning and his man doesn't know where he is." "hell!" snarled the assistant commissioner.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden's been out since eleven this morning and his man doesn't know where he is." "Hell!" snarled the Assistant Commissioner.'
Actual:   '``captainarden'sbeenoutsinceeleventhismorningandhismandoesn'tknowwhereheis.'' ``hell!'' Snarledtheassistantcommissioner.'
Type: Other error

Error #1926:
Input:    '"you'd better come along, then." bill kennedy led the way to the waiting taxi, teal following obediently, and it was not until they were turning out into the embankment that the commissioner explained.'
Expected: '"You'd better come along, then." Bill Kennedy led the way to the waiting taxi, Teal following obediently, and it was not until they were turning out into the Embankment that the Commissioner explained.'
Actual:   '``you'dbettercomealong,then.'' Billkennedyledthewaytothewaitingtaxi,tealfollowingobediently,anditwasnotuntiltheywereturningoutintotheembankmentthatthecommissionerexplained.'
Type: Other error

Error #1927:
Input:    '"the triangle's on the war-path again," he said.'
Expected: '"The Triangle's on the war-path again," he said.'
Actual:   '``thetriangle'sonthewar-pathagain,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1928:
Input:    '"marker was shot this afternoon as he was leaving his house." "dead?" drawled the callous teal, and kennedy shrugged.'
Expected: '"Marker was shot this afternoon as he was leaving his house." "Dead?" drawled the callous Teal, and Kennedy shrugged.'
Actual:   '``markerwasshotthisafternoonashewasleavinghishouse.'' ``dead?'' Drawledthecallousteal,andkennedyshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #1929:
Input:    '"the message didn't say.'
Expected: '"The message didn't say.'
Actual:   '``themessagedidn'tsay.'
Type: Other error

Error #1930:
Input:    'did captain arden give you any idea what he was doing this afternoon?" "he said he was going to commit another felony to-day.'
Expected: 'Did Captain Arden give you any idea what he was doing this afternoon?" "He said he was going to commit another felony to-day.'
Actual:   'Didcaptainardengiveyouanyideawhathewasdoingthisafternoon?'' ``hesaidhewasgoingtocommitanotherfelonyto-day.'
Type: Other error

Error #1931:
Input:    'i wonder if he is the triangle?" suggested mr.'
Expected: 'I wonder if he is the Triangle?" suggested Mr.'
Actual:   'Iwonderifheisthetriangle?'' SuggestedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1932:
Input:    'teal lusciously.'
Expected: 'Teal lusciously.'
Actual:   'Teallusciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1933:
Input:    'his inspiration being received with scorn, he maintained a dignified silence until the taxi drew up in queen's gate, where the home secretary lived.'
Expected: 'His inspiration being received with scorn, he maintained a dignified silence until the taxi drew up in Queen's Gate, where the Home Secretary lived.'
Actual:   'Hisinspirationbeingreceivedwithscorn,hemaintainedadignifiedsilenceuntilthetaxidrewupinqueen'sgate,wherethehomesecretarylived.'
Type: Other error

Error #1934:
Input:    'the usual crowd was gaping about the entrance, only restrained from closer investigation by the presence of two burly constables.'
Expected: 'The usual crowd was gaping about the entrance, only restrained from closer investigation by the presence of two burly constables.'
Actual:   'Theusualcrowdwasgapingabouttheentrance,onlyrestrainedfromcloserinvestigationbythepresenceoftwoburlyconstables.'
Type: Other error

Error #1935:
Input:    'the two detectives pushed their way through the mob and were instantly admitted.'
Expected: 'The two detectives pushed their way through the mob and were instantly admitted.'
Actual:   'Thetwodetectivespushedtheirwaythroughthemobandwereinstantlyadmitted.'
Type: Other error

Error #1936:
Input:    'the doctor who had been summoned was already preparing for an impromptu operation, and was inclined to be brusque.'
Expected: 'The doctor who had been summoned was already preparing for an impromptu operation, and was inclined to be brusque.'
Actual:   'Thedoctorwhohadbeensummonedwasalreadypreparingforanimpromptuoperation,andwasinclinedtobebrusque.'
Type: Other error

Error #1937:
Input:    '"the bullet glanced off a rib and tore up his right lung," he said shortly.'
Expected: '"The bullet glanced off a rib and tore up his right lung," he said shortly.'
Actual:   '``thebulletglancedoffaribandtoreuphisrightlung,''hesaidshortly.'
Type: Other error

Error #1938:
Input:    '"i may be able to save his life, but it's very chancy." the most coherent narrative was supplied by the chauffeur, who had been actually holding the door for his master at the time of the shooting.'
Expected: '"I may be able to save his life, but it's very chancy." The most coherent narrative was supplied by the chauffeur, who had been actually holding the door for his master at the time of the shooting.'
Actual:   '``imaybeabletosavehislife,butit'sverychancy.'' Themostcoherentnarrativewassuppliedbythechauffeur,whohadbeenactuallyholdingthedoorforhismasteratthetimeoftheshooting.'
Type: Other error

Error #1939:
Input:    '"there were three cars close together--a navarre limousine, a carillon cabriolet, and a hirondel sports.'
Expected: '"There were three cars close together--a Navarre limousine, a Carillon cabriolet, and a Hirondel sports.'
Actual:   '``therewerethreecarsclosetogether -- anavarrelimousine,acarilloncabriolet,andahirondelsports.'
Type: Other error

Error #1940:
Input:    'i couldn't be sure which it was, as i had my back to the street and didn't turn until i heard the report.'
Expected: 'I couldn't be sure which it was, as I had my back to the street and didn't turn until I heard the report.'
Actual:   'Icouldn'tbesurewhichitwas,asihadmybacktothestreetanddidn'tturnuntiliheardthereport.'
Type: Other error

Error #1941:
Input:    'i should say it was either the navarre or the hirondel--they were nearest when i looked round." "did you get any numbers?" asked kennedy.'
Expected: 'I should say it was either the Navarre or the Hirondel--they were nearest when I looked round." "Did you get any numbers?" asked Kennedy.'
Actual:   'Ishouldsayitwaseitherthenavarreorthehirondel -- theywerenearestwhenilookedround.'' ``didyougetanynumbers?'' Askedkennedy.'
Type: Other error

Error #1942:
Input:    'they all put on speed immediately the shot was fired, and i was too busy attending to my master to look at them closely.'
Expected: 'They all put on speed immediately the shot was fired, and I was too busy attending to my master to look at them closely.'
Actual:   'Theyallputonspeedimmediatelytheshotwasfired,andiwastoobusyattendingtomymastertolookatthemclosely.'
Type: Other error

Error #1943:
Input:    'oh--i remember the hirondel was very battered--looked as if it had been in an air-raid.'
Expected: 'Oh--I remember the Hirondel was very battered--looked as if it had been in an air-raid.'
Actual:   'Oh -- irememberthehirondelwasverybattered -- lookedasifithadbeeninanair-raid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1944:
Input:    'zy-something.'
Expected: 'ZY-something.'
Actual:   'Zy-something.'
Type: Capitalization error

Error #1945:
Input:    'there was a '2' in it, anyway." "zy 28822?" murmured teal, and the man nodded.'
Expected: 'There was a '2' in it, anyway." "ZY 28822?" murmured Teal, and the man nodded.'
Actual:   'Therewasa'2'init,anyway.'' ``zy28822?'' Murmuredteal,andthemannodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #1946:
Input:    '"something like that.'
Expected: '"Something like that.'
Actual:   '``somethinglikethat.'
Type: Other error

Error #1947:
Input:    'it was the last car of the three, and they all raced into cromwell road, so that's the only number i got a glimpse of." kennedy dismissed the man and glanced at teal.'
Expected: 'It was the last car of the three, and they all raced into Cromwell Road, so that's the only number I got a glimpse of." Kennedy dismissed the man and glanced at Teal.'
Actual:   'Itwasthelastcarofthethree,andtheyallracedintocromwellroad,sothat'stheonlynumberigotaglimpseof.'' Kennedydismissedthemanandglancedatteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1948:
Input:    '"captain arden on duty," he said.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden on duty," he said.'
Actual:   '``captainardenonduty,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1949:
Input:    '"that looks like a thin time for morini.'
Expected: '"That looks like a thin time for Morini.'
Actual:   '``thatlookslikeathintimeformorini.'
Type: Other error

Error #1950:
Input:    'it was the gentle gat, of course." "how're you going to prove it?" teal wanted to know.'
Expected: 'It was the gentle Gat, of course." "How're you going to prove it?" Teal wanted to know.'
Actual:   'Itwasthegentlegat,ofcourse.'' ``how'reyougoingtoproveit?'' Tealwantedtoknow.'
Type: Other error

Error #1951:
Input:    '"your business!" bill kennedy took his cigar-case from his pocket and offered it.'
Expected: '"Your business!" Bill Kennedy took his cigar-case from his pocket and offered it.'
Actual:   '``yourbusiness!'' Billkennedytookhiscigar-casefromhispocketandofferedit.'
Type: Other error

Error #1952:
Input:    '"this isn't my case at all, really, only marker's so deuced important." "what about hannassay?" the assistant commissioner carefully charred the end of his cigar and then placed it in his mouth and lighted it meticulously.'
Expected: '"This isn't my case at all, really, only Marker's so deuced important." "What about Hannassay?" The Assistant Commissioner carefully charred the end of his cigar and then placed it in his mouth and lighted it meticulously.'
Actual:   '``thisisn'tmycaseatall,really,onlymarker'ssodeucedimportant.'' ``whatabouthannassay?'' Theassistantcommissionercarefullycharredtheendofhiscigarandthenplaceditinhismouthandlighteditmeticulously.'
Type: Other error

Error #1953:
Input:    '"hannassay's was his own fault," he said.'
Expected: '"Hannassay's was his own fault," he said.'
Actual:   '``hannassay'swashisownfault,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #1954:
Input:    '"the man refused protection---said he could look after himself, and that he wouldn't have his holiday messed up with a lot of detectives hanging round.'
Expected: '"The man refused protection---said he could look after himself, and that he wouldn't have his holiday messed up with a lot of detectives hanging round.'
Actual:   '``themanrefusedprotection -- -saidhecouldlookafterhimself,andthathewouldn'thavehisholidaymessedupwithalotofdetectiveshanginground.'
Type: Other error

Error #1955:
Input:    'he had a compartment to himself--i saw him off--and it was a corridor train.'
Expected: 'He had a compartment to himself--I saw him off--and it was a corridor train.'
Actual:   'Hehadacompartmenttohimself -- isawhimoff -- anditwasacorridortrain.'
Type: Other error

Error #1956:
Input:    'he must have been easy." they waited to hear the result of the doctor's operation, for there was clearly nothing they could do for the moment.'
Expected: 'He must have been easy." They waited to hear the result of the doctor's operation, for there was clearly nothing they could do for the moment.'
Actual:   'Hemusthavebeeneasy.'' Theywaitedtoheartheresultofthedoctor'soperation,fortherewasclearlynothingtheycoulddoforthemoment.'
Type: Other error

Error #1957:
Input:    'an all-station call for morini had been out for days without result, and unless their luck changed the only hope was that storm would be able to hold up the gunman.'
Expected: 'An all-station call for Morini had been out for days without result, and unless their luck changed the only hope was that Storm would be able to hold up the gunman.'
Actual:   'Anall-stationcallformorinihadbeenoutfordayswithoutresult,andunlesstheirluckchangedtheonlyhopewasthatstormwouldbeabletoholdupthegunman.'
Type: Other error

Error #1958:
Input:    'a butler came in with a tray of sandwiches and offered them the use of the syphon and decanter in the corner.'
Expected: 'A butler came in with a tray of sandwiches and offered them the use of the syphon and decanter in the corner.'
Actual:   'Abutlercameinwithatrayofsandwichesandofferedthemtheuseofthesyphonanddecanterinthecorner.'
Type: Other error

Error #1959:
Input:    'they talked on odd subjects, and it was just before they received their report that bill kennedy opened up a new line of thought to mr.'
Expected: 'They talked on odd subjects, and it was just before they received their report that Bill Kennedy opened up a new line of thought to Mr.'
Actual:   'Theytalkedonoddsubjects,anditwasjustbeforetheyreceivedtheirreportthatbillkennedyopenedupanewlineofthoughttoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #1960:
Input:    '"what we really need in a case like this is the german razzia," he remarked.'
Expected: '"What we really need in a case like this is the German Razzia," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``whatwereallyneedinacaselikethisisthegermanrazzia,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #1961:
Input:    '"if a wanted man's patient and really ingenious, he's as hard to find as water in the desert.'
Expected: '"If a wanted man's patient and really ingenious, he's as hard to find as water in the desert.'
Actual:   '``ifawantedman'spatientandreallyingenious,he'sashardtofindaswaterinthedesert.'
Type: Other error

Error #1962:
Input:    'all he has to do is to retire to the house of a friend, or to a fairly big residential hotel, and never budge out of doors.'
Expected: 'All he has to do is to retire to the house of a friend, or to a fairly big residential hotel, and never budge out of doors.'
Actual:   'Allhehastodoistoretiretothehouseofafriend,ortoafairlybigresidentialhotel,andneverbudgeoutofdoors.'
Type: Other error

Error #1963:
Input:    'by simply lying doggo instead of trying to make a bolt for it, he could have the police rubbering till all's blue, and never be in danger." a few minutes later the doctor arrived.'
Expected: 'By simply lying doggo instead of trying to make a bolt for it, he could have the police rubbering till all's blue, and never be in danger." A few minutes later the doctor arrived.'
Actual:   'Bysimplylyingdoggoinsteadoftryingtomakeaboltforit,hecouldhavethepolicerubberingtillall'sblue,andneverbeindanger.'' Afewminuteslaterthedoctorarrived.'
Type: Other error

Error #1964:
Input:    'there was a hope--yes.'
Expected: 'There was a hope--yes.'
Actual:   'Therewasahope -- yes.'
Type: Other error

Error #1965:
Input:    'marker was a healthy man in good condition, and stood as much chance of pulling round as anyone.'
Expected: 'Marker was a healthy man in good condition, and stood as much chance of pulling round as anyone.'
Actual:   'Markerwasahealthymaningoodcondition,andstoodasmuchchanceofpullingroundasanyone.'
Type: Other error

Error #1966:
Input:    'it had been a nasty wound, and the illness would be a ticklish business, but it would not necessarily be fatal.'
Expected: 'It had been a nasty wound, and the illness would be a ticklish business, but it would not necessarily be fatal.'
Actual:   'Ithadbeenanastywound,andtheillnesswouldbeaticklishbusiness,butitwouldnotnecessarilybefatal.'
Type: Other error

Error #1967:
Input:    '"well, that's a relief," kennedy said as they returned to the street.'
Expected: '"Well, that's a relief," Kennedy said as they returned to the street.'
Actual:   '``well,that'sarelief,''kennedysaidastheyreturnedtothestreet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1968:
Input:    '"but it don't let us out, laddie.'
Expected: '"But it don't let us out, laddie.'
Actual:   '``butitdon'tletusout,laddie.'
Type: Other error

Error #1969:
Input:    'morini must have been rattled--according to captain arden, that dago's one of the slickest gunmen in the world." towards eight o'clock that evening, when storm had failed to put in his promised appearance, inspector teal huddled into his mackintosh and set out to walk down the embankment towards the restaurant in new bridge street where he occasionally fed.'
Expected: 'Morini must have been rattled--according to Captain Arden, that dago's one of the slickest gunmen in the world." Towards eight o'clock that evening, when Storm had failed to put in his promised appearance, Inspector Teal huddled into his mackintosh and set out to walk down the Embankment towards the restaurant in New Bridge Street where he occasionally fed.'
Actual:   'Morinimusthavebeenrattled -- accordingtocaptainarden,thatdago'soneoftheslickestgunmenintheworld.'' Towardseighto'clockthatevening,whenstormhadfailedtoputinhispromisedappearance,inspectortealhuddledintohismackintoshandsetouttowalkdowntheembankmenttowardstherestaurantinnewbridgestreetwhereheoccasionallyfed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1970:
Input:    'he was a man who never complained of the vilest weather, seeming even to revel in it; which was fortunate for him, for the rain was pouring down in stinging clouds, drumming on the macadam like a stage effect.'
Expected: 'He was a man who never complained of the vilest weather, seeming even to revel in it; which was fortunate for him, for the rain was pouring down in stinging clouds, drumming on the macadam like a stage effect.'
Actual:   'Hewasamanwhonevercomplainedofthevilestweather,seemingeventorevelinit;whichwasfortunateforhim,fortherainwaspouringdowninstingingclouds,drummingonthemacadamlikeastageeffect.'
Type: Other error

Error #1971:
Input:    'the sky was black and thunderous, and from time to time a crackling reverberation omened the continuation of the downpour.'
Expected: 'The sky was black and thunderous, and from time to time a crackling reverberation omened the continuation of the downpour.'
Actual:   'Theskywasblackandthunderous,andfromtimetotimeacracklingreverberationomenedthecontinuationofthedownpour.'
Type: Other error

Error #1972:
Input:    'such few pedestrians as there were scurried along under umbrellas with stifled curses and a drowned-rat-like aspect, but teal plodded along with his shoulders squared and his face defiantly thrust out to meet the lash of the storm.'
Expected: 'Such few pedestrians as there were scurried along under umbrellas with stifled curses and a drowned-rat-like aspect, but Teal plodded along with his shoulders squared and his face defiantly thrust out to meet the lash of the storm.'
Actual:   'Suchfewpedestriansastherewerescurriedalongunderumbrellaswithstifledcursesandadrowned-rat-likeaspect,buttealploddedalongwithhisshoulderssquaredandhisfacedefiantlythrustouttomeetthelashofthestorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #1973:
Input:    'he was within sight of blackfriars bridge when he first noticed the tail lamp of a stationary car, and wondered that anyone provided with such a luxury should dally by the way on such a night.'
Expected: 'He was within sight of Blackfriars Bridge when he first noticed the tail lamp of a stationary car, and wondered that anyone provided with such a luxury should dally by the way on such a night.'
Actual:   'Hewaswithinsightofblackfriarsbridgewhenhefirstnoticedthetaillampofastationarycar,andwonderedthatanyoneprovidedwithsuchaluxuryshoulddallybythewayonsuchanight.'
Type: Other error

Error #1974:
Input:    'as he came abreast he saw that the driver was poring over a map, and as teal passed he was hailed.'
Expected: 'As he came abreast he saw that the driver was poring over a map, and as Teal passed he was hailed.'
Actual:   'Ashecameabreasthesawthatthedriverwasporingoveramap,andastealpassedhewashailed.'
Type: Other error

Error #1975:
Input:    '"can you tell me the way----" began the man, and then the flickering light of a street lamp swaying in the wind fell across his face, and teal let out an exclamation.'
Expected: '"Can you tell me the way----" began the man, and then the flickering light of a street lamp swaying in the wind fell across his face, and Teal let out an exclamation.'
Actual:   '``canyoutellmetheway --  -- ''begantheman,andthentheflickeringlightofastreetlampswayinginthewindfellacrosshisface,andtealletoutanexclamation.'
Type: Other error

Error #1976:
Input:    '"you're carl schwesen," he said, "and you were deported six months ago for----" so far he got before the driver's fist shot out and ripped into his face.'
Expected: '"You're Carl Schwesen," he said, "and you were deported six months ago for----" So far he got before the driver's fist shot out and ripped into his face.'
Actual:   '``you'recarlschwesen,''hesaid,``andyouweredeportedsixmonthsagofor --  -- ''sofarhegotbeforethedriver'sfistshotoutandrippedintohisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #1977:
Input:    'half-stunned with pain, the detective staggered back, tripped on the kerb, and fell.'
Expected: 'Half-stunned with pain, the detective staggered back, tripped on the kerb, and fell.'
Actual:   'Half-stunnedwithpain,thedetectivestaggeredback,trippedonthekerb,andfell.'
Type: Other error

Error #1978:
Input:    'as he did so the car jumped forward.'
Expected: 'As he did so the car jumped forward.'
Actual:   'Ashedidsothecarjumpedforward.'
Type: Other error

Error #1979:
Input:    'he was fumbling for his whistle when he saw it had slowed up again, and he struggled to regain his feet.'
Expected: 'He was fumbling for his whistle when he saw it had slowed up again, and he struggled to regain his feet.'
Actual:   'Hewasfumblingforhiswhistlewhenhesawithadslowedupagain,andhestruggledtoregainhisfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1980:
Input:    'and then a heavy-calibre revolver thundered from the interior, and his hat went flying.'
Expected: 'And then a heavy-calibre revolver thundered from the interior, and his hat went flying.'
Actual:   'Andthenaheavy-calibrerevolverthunderedfromtheinterior,andhishatwentflying.'
Type: Other error

Error #1981:
Input:    'he got out his whistle and blew a piercing blast, but the driver of the car accelerated and dashed up the empty road into the obscurity of the streaming rain.'
Expected: 'He got out his whistle and blew a piercing blast, but the driver of the car accelerated and dashed up the empty road into the obscurity of the streaming rain.'
Actual:   'Hegotouthiswhistleandblewapiercingblast,butthedriverofthecaracceleratedanddasheduptheemptyroadintotheobscurityofthestreamingrain.'
Type: Other error

Error #1982:
Input:    'he saw the car speed over the bridge, and knew that he had no hope of catching it, but the number was firmly imprinted on his memory.'
Expected: 'He saw the car speed over the bridge, and knew that he had no hope of catching it, but the number was firmly imprinted on his memory.'
Actual:   'Hesawthecarspeedoverthebridge,andknewthathehadnohopeofcatchingit,butthenumberwasfirmlyimprintedonhismemory.'
Type: Other error

Error #1983:
Input:    'inspector teal continued towards his dinner with a furrowed brow, for he well knew the brilliance and unscrupulousness of the erstwhile deported austrian chemist.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal continued towards his dinner with a furrowed brow, for he well knew the brilliance and unscrupulousness of the erstwhile deported Austrian chemist.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealcontinuedtowardshisdinnerwithafurrowedbrow,forhewellknewthebrillianceandunscrupulousnessoftheerstwhiledeportedaustrianchemist.'
Type: Other error

Error #1984:
Input:    'without being able to give any logical reason for his suspicion, he had more than an idea that schwesen's return was not unconnected with the sudden inrush of other dangerous men into london, and he wondered what this fresh activity of the triangle might mean.'
Expected: 'Without being able to give any logical reason for his suspicion, he had more than an idea that Schwesen's return was not unconnected with the sudden inrush of other dangerous men into London, and he wondered what this fresh activity of the Triangle might mean.'
Actual:   'Withoutbeingabletogiveanylogicalreasonforhissuspicion,hehadmorethananideathatschwesen'sreturnwasnotunconnectedwiththesuddeninrushofotherdangerousmenintolondon,andhewonderedwhatthisfreshactivityofthetrianglemightmean.'
Type: Other error

Error #1985:
Input:    'chapter xi ezra surcon digs there was a man named ezra surcon who owned much land in london.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER XI EZRA SURCON DIGS There was a man named Ezra Surcon who owned much land in London.'
Actual:   'ChapterXiezrasurcondigstherewasamannamedezrasurconwhoownedmuchlandinlondon.'
Type: Other error

Error #1986:
Input:    'he did not court publicity; there were no paragraphs about him in the gossip columns of the newspapers, and as a matter of fact his name was never mentioned, even in whispers, among the real estate kings of the metropolis.'
Expected: 'He did not court publicity; there were no paragraphs about him in the gossip columns of the newspapers, and as a matter of fact his name was never mentioned, even in whispers, among the Real Estate Kings of the metropolis.'
Actual:   'Hedidnotcourtpublicity;therewerenoparagraphsabouthiminthegossipcolumnsofthenewspapers,andasamatteroffacthisnamewasnevermentioned,eveninwhispers,amongtherealestatekingsofthemetropolis.'
Type: Other error

Error #1987:
Input:    'he made his purchases quickly and without ostentation, and the fact remains that in the space of three days he acquired the freehold of no less than seven properties.'
Expected: 'He made his purchases quickly and without ostentation, and the fact remains that in the space of three days he acquired the freehold of no less than seven properties.'
Actual:   'Hemadehispurchasesquicklyandwithoutostentation,andthefactremainsthatinthespaceofthreedaysheacquiredthefreeholdofnolessthansevenproperties.'
Type: Other error

Error #1988:
Input:    'there was a gloomy house in buckingham gate, and another, equally gloomy, in college street.'
Expected: 'There was a gloomy house in Buckingham Gate, and another, equally gloomy, in College Street.'
Actual:   'Therewasagloomyhouseinbuckinghamgate,andanother,equallygloomy,incollegestreet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1989:
Input:    'for a large sum he secured a vacant building in great windmill street; the imposing mansion in queen's gate cost him less; and a modest erection in orange street was comparatively cheap.'
Expected: 'For a large sum he secured a vacant building in Great Windmill Street; the imposing mansion in Queen's Gate cost him less; and a modest erection in Orange Street was comparatively cheap.'
Actual:   'Foralargesumhesecuredavacantbuildingingreatwindmillstreet;theimposingmansioninqueen'sgatecosthimless;andamodesterectioninorangestreetwascomparativelycheap.'
Type: Other error

Error #1990:
Input:    'he paid reasonable prices for no.'
Expected: 'He paid reasonable prices for No.'
Actual:   'Hepaidreasonablepricesforno.'
Type: Other error

Error #1991:
Input:    '94, carter lane and no.'
Expected: '94, Carter Lane and No.'
Actual:   '94,carterlaneandno.'
Type: Other error

Error #1992:
Input:    '53, montague street.'
Expected: '53, Montague Street.'
Actual:   '53,montaguestreet.'
Type: Other error

Error #1993:
Input:    'in all, he must have expended five considerable figures of hard cash, but since he transacted his business under seven different aliases no one was startled by the magnitude of his investments.'
Expected: 'In all, he must have expended five considerable figures of hard cash, but since he transacted his business under seven different aliases no one was startled by the magnitude of his investments.'
Actual:   'Inall,hemusthaveexpendedfiveconsiderablefiguresofhardcash,butsincehetransactedhisbusinessundersevendifferentaliasesnoonewasstartledbythemagnitudeofhisinvestments.'
Type: Other error

Error #1994:
Input:    'he was a tall loose-limbed man of rising sixty, yet the elasticity of his gait as he walked down constitution hill that evening showed that the years had made only superficial inroads on his physique.'
Expected: 'He was a tall loose-limbed man of rising sixty, yet the elasticity of his gait as he walked down Constitution Hill that evening showed that the years had made only superficial inroads on his physique.'
Actual:   'Hewasatallloose-limbedmanofrisingsixty,yettheelasticityofhisgaitashewalkeddownconstitutionhillthateveningshowedthattheyearshadmadeonlysuperficialinroadsonhisphysique.'
Type: Other error

Error #1995:
Input:    'the benevolence of his expression was emphasised by the large horn-rimmed spectacles he wore, and contradicted by the tightness of his mouth and the angularity of his jaw.'
Expected: 'The benevolence of his expression was emphasised by the large horn-rimmed spectacles he wore, and contradicted by the tightness of his mouth and the angularity of his jaw.'
Actual:   'Thebenevolenceofhisexpressionwasemphasisedbythelargehorn-rimmedspectacleshewore,andcontradictedbythetightnessofhismouthandtheangularityofhisjaw.'
Type: Other error

Error #1996:
Input:    'a studious stoop took some inches off his height and the shabbiness of his clothes gave no indication of the wealth to which his lavish expenditures in other directions testified.'
Expected: 'A studious stoop took some inches off his height and the shabbiness of his clothes gave no indication of the wealth to which his lavish expenditures in other directions testified.'
Actual:   'Astudiousstooptooksomeinchesoffhisheightandtheshabbinessofhisclothesgavenoindicationofthewealthtowhichhislavishexpendituresinotherdirectionstestified.'
Type: Other error

Error #1997:
Input:    'he passed behind the victoria memorial and entered buckingham gate.'
Expected: 'He passed behind the Victoria Memorial and entered Buckingham Gate.'
Actual:   'Hepassedbehindthevictoriamemorialandenteredbuckinghamgate.'
Type: Other error

Error #1998:
Input:    'the residence of which he was the proud landlord stood only a short distance down the road--a gaunt and grimy affair having about it that indescribable air of forbidding unkemptness which is a seal upon the seats of the mighty.'
Expected: 'The residence of which he was the proud landlord stood only a short distance down the road--a gaunt and grimy affair having about it that indescribable air of forbidding unkemptness which is a seal upon the seats of the mighty.'
Actual:   'Theresidenceofwhichhewastheproudlandlordstoodonlyashortdistancedowntheroad -- agauntandgrimyaffairhavingaboutitthatindescribableairofforbiddingunkemptnesswhichisasealupontheseatsofthemighty.'
Type: Other error

Error #1999:
Input:    'the blinds in all the downstairs windows were drawn, and there was no sign of life about the place.'
Expected: 'The blinds in all the downstairs windows were drawn, and there was no sign of life about the place.'
Actual:   'Theblindsinallthedownstairswindowsweredrawn,andtherewasnosignoflifeabouttheplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #2000:
Input:    'for a moment he stood at the foot of the steps, and if the suggestion had not been so palpably incongruous one would have said he was listening intently for a sound he half expected to come from beneath his feet.'
Expected: 'For a moment he stood at the foot of the steps, and if the suggestion had not been so palpably incongruous one would have said he was listening intently for a sound he half expected to come from beneath his feet.'
Actual:   'Foramomenthestoodatthefootofthesteps,andifthesuggestionhadnotbeensopalpablyincongruousonewouldhavesaidhewaslisteningintentlyforasoundhehalfexpectedtocomefrombeneathhisfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2001:
Input:    'then he inserted his latchkey in the lock and passed inside.'
Expected: 'Then he inserted his latchkey in the lock and passed inside.'
Actual:   'Thenheinsertedhislatchkeyinthelockandpassedinside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2002:
Input:    'the panelled hall was in twilight, and his footsteps rang out hollowly on the uncarpeted parquet.'
Expected: 'The panelled hall was in twilight, and his footsteps rang out hollowly on the uncarpeted parquet.'
Actual:   'Thepanelledhallwasintwilight,andhisfootstepsrangouthollowlyontheuncarpetedparquet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2003:
Input:    'the soles of his shoes gritted on strewn earth, and sporadic cakes of dirt disfigured the rest of the floor.'
Expected: 'The soles of his shoes gritted on strewn earth, and sporadic cakes of dirt disfigured the rest of the floor.'
Actual:   'Thesolesofhisshoesgrittedonstrewnearth,andsporadiccakesofdirtdisfiguredtherestofthefloor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2004:
Input:    'peering into one room, he found it filled almost to the ceiling with a great mound of soil and clay.'
Expected: 'Peering into one room, he found it filled almost to the ceiling with a great mound of soil and clay.'
Actual:   'Peeringintooneroom,hefounditfilledalmosttotheceilingwithagreatmoundofsoilandclay.'
Type: Other error

Error #2005:
Input:    'a door at the back opened suddenly, and he was confronted by a burly man, stripped to the waist.'
Expected: 'A door at the back opened suddenly, and he was confronted by a burly man, stripped to the waist.'
Actual:   'Adooratthebackopenedsuddenly,andhewasconfrontedbyaburlyman,strippedtothewaist.'
Type: Other error

Error #2006:
Input:    '"getting on, torino?" queried mr.'
Expected: '"Getting on, Torino?" queried Mr.'
Actual:   '``gettingon,torino?'' QueriedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2007:
Input:    'surcon shortly, and the giant nodded.'
Expected: 'Surcon shortly, and the giant nodded.'
Actual:   'Surconshortly,andthegiantnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2008:
Input:    '"very well, _signor_." from head to foot the man was stippled and plastered with mud, and the streaming perspiration had cut eccentric patterns in the mess.'
Expected: '"Very well, _signor_." From head to foot the man was stippled and plastered with mud, and the streaming perspiration had cut eccentric patterns in the mess.'
Actual:   '``verywell,_signor_.'' Fromheadtofootthemanwasstippledandplasteredwithmud,andthestreamingperspirationhadcuteccentricpatternsinthemess.'
Type: Other error

Error #2009:
Input:    'he led the way through the kitchen and opened a second door.'
Expected: 'He led the way through the kitchen and opened a second door.'
Actual:   'Heledthewaythroughthekitchenandopenedaseconddoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2010:
Input:    'before them yawned a flight of stairs which led down into the earth, shrouded in a half-light in which danced the beam of the italian's flashlight as he guided his employer towards the cellars.'
Expected: 'Before them yawned a flight of stairs which led down into the earth, shrouded in a half-light in which danced the beam of the Italian's flashlight as he guided his employer towards the cellars.'
Actual:   'Beforethemyawnedaflightofstairswhichleddownintotheearth,shroudedinahalf-lightinwhichdancedthebeamoftheitalian'sflashlightasheguidedhisemployertowardsthecellars.'
Type: Other error

Error #2011:
Input:    'the steps themselves were inches deep in trodden clay, and down one side ran two heavy insulated cables.'
Expected: 'The steps themselves were inches deep in trodden clay, and down one side ran two heavy insulated cables.'
Actual:   'Thestepsthemselveswereinchesdeepintroddenclay,anddownonesiderantwoheavyinsulatedcables.'
Type: Other error

Error #2012:
Input:    'from below them came a muffled thud and clatter.'
Expected: 'From below them came a muffled thud and clatter.'
Actual:   'Frombelowthemcameamuffledthudandclatter.'
Type: Other error

Error #2013:
Input:    'presently they met another man, half-naked like the guide, who bore on his shoulders a huge basket of earth, and almost on his heels came a second.'
Expected: 'Presently they met another man, half-naked like the guide, who bore on his shoulders a huge basket of earth, and almost on his heels came a second.'
Actual:   'Presentlytheymetanotherman,half-nakedliketheguide,whoboreonhisshouldersahugebasketofearth,andalmostonhisheelscameasecond.'
Type: Other error

Error #2014:
Input:    'surcon passed them with a brief word of greeting.'
Expected: 'Surcon passed them with a brief word of greeting.'
Actual:   'Surconpassedthemwithabriefwordofgreeting.'
Type: Other error

Error #2015:
Input:    'they reached the cellars and made their way with difficulty across the layer of soil which cloyed their feet.'
Expected: 'They reached the cellars and made their way with difficulty across the layer of soil which cloyed their feet.'
Actual:   'Theyreachedthecellarsandmadetheirwaywithdifficultyacrossthelayerofsoilwhichcloyedtheirfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2016:
Input:    'at the far end of the vault yawned a circular hole, and it was from this that the sounds they heard came.'
Expected: 'At the far end of the vault yawned a circular hole, and it was from this that the sounds they heard came.'
Actual:   'Atthefarendofthevaultyawnedacircularhole,anditwasfromthisthatthesoundstheyheardcame.'
Type: Other error

Error #2017:
Input:    '"we have done eighty yards," said torino.'
Expected: '"We have done eighty yards," said Torino.'
Actual:   '``wehavedoneeightyyards,''saidtorino.'
Type: Other error

Error #2018:
Input:    '"another twenty will be sufficient.'
Expected: '"Another twenty will be sufficient.'
Actual:   '``anothertwentywillbesufficient.'
Type: Other error

Error #2019:
Input:    'that engine is a marvel.'
Expected: 'That engine is a marvel.'
Actual:   'Thatengineisamarvel.'
Type: Other error

Error #2020:
Input:    'to-night we finish." "there's been no difficulty?" "none, _signor_.'
Expected: 'To-night we finish." "There's been no difficulty?" "None, _signor_.'
Actual:   'To-nightwefinish.'' ``there'sbeennodifficulty?'' ``none,_signor_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2021:
Input:    'we have many men, and they are relieved before they tire.'
Expected: 'We have many men, and they are relieved before they tire.'
Actual:   'Wehavemanymen,andtheyarerelievedbeforetheytire.'
Type: Other error

Error #2022:
Input:    'there are no complaints, for the pay is good." they stumbled down the tunnel towards the bobbing light that showed in the distance.'
Expected: 'There are no complaints, for the pay is good." They stumbled down the tunnel towards the bobbing light that showed in the distance.'
Actual:   'Therearenocomplaints,forthepayisgood.'' Theystumbleddownthetunneltowardsthebobbinglightthatshowedinthedistance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2023:
Input:    'the roof was low, and they had to bow their heads; even so, surcon cracked his head once on a buttress and swore softly.'
Expected: 'The roof was low, and they had to bow their heads; even so, Surcon cracked his head once on a buttress and swore softly.'
Actual:   'Theroofwaslow,andtheyhadtobowtheirheads;evenso,surconcrackedhisheadonceonabuttressandsworesoftly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2024:
Input:    'a third man, similarly laden with a muddy basket, passed them, and they caught the heavy tread of the two they had passed on the stairs returning.'
Expected: 'A third man, similarly laden with a muddy basket, passed them, and they caught the heavy tread of the two they had passed on the stairs returning.'
Actual:   'Athirdman,similarlyladenwithamuddybasket,passedthem,andtheycaughttheheavytreadofthetwotheyhadpassedonthestairsreturning.'
Type: Other error

Error #2025:
Input:    'at length they reached the end.'
Expected: 'At length they reached the end.'
Actual:   'Atlengththeyreachedtheend.'
Type: Other error

Error #2026:
Input:    'a powerful electric bulb swung from a stake driven into the earthen roof, making the tunnel almost as light as day.'
Expected: 'A powerful electric bulb swung from a stake driven into the earthen roof, making the tunnel almost as light as day.'
Actual:   'Apowerfulelectricbulbswungfromastakedrivenintotheearthenroof,makingthetunnelalmostaslightasday.'
Type: Other error

Error #2027:
Input:    'right up against the ultimate wall was a thing of shining metal on a wheeled truck.'
Expected: 'Right up against the ultimate wall was a thing of shining metal on a wheeled truck.'
Actual:   'Rightupagainsttheultimatewallwasathingofshiningmetalonawheeledtruck.'
Type: Other error

Error #2028:
Input:    'the power cables connected with two large terminals on its outer casing, and over it hovered a wizened man with a rag and an oilcan.'
Expected: 'The power cables connected with two large terminals on its outer casing, and over it hovered a wizened man with a rag and an oilcan.'
Actual:   'Thepowercablesconnectedwithtwolargeterminalsonitsoutercasing,andoverithoveredawizenedmanwitharagandanoilcan.'
Type: Other error

Error #2029:
Input:    'it thrummed and thudded with the quiet-efficiency of its compressed strength, and from its stern a stream of earth poured down an iron channel into the waiting baskets.'
Expected: 'It thrummed and thudded with the quiet-efficiency of its compressed strength, and from its stern a stream of earth poured down an iron channel into the waiting baskets.'
Actual:   'Itthrummedandthuddedwiththequiet-efficiencyofitscompressedstrength,andfromitssternastreamofearthpoureddownanironchannelintothewaitingbaskets.'
Type: Other error

Error #2030:
Input:    'other men, stripped to the waist and sweating, snatched away the baskets as they were filled and rushed them away.'
Expected: 'Other men, stripped to the waist and sweating, snatched away the baskets as they were filled and rushed them away.'
Actual:   'Othermen,strippedtothewaistandsweating,snatchedawaythebasketsastheywerefilledandrushedthemaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #2031:
Input:    'from time to time the engineer slewed the truck round so that the machine attacked a fresh area, and once he adjusted a winch that raised it bodily on the truck to burrow at the height of the passage.'
Expected: 'From time to time the engineer slewed the truck round so that the machine attacked a fresh area, and once he adjusted a winch that raised it bodily on the truck to burrow at the height of the passage.'
Actual:   'Fromtimetotimetheengineerslewedthetruckroundsothatthemachineattackedafresharea,andonceheadjustedawinchthatraiseditbodilyonthetrucktoburrowattheheightofthepassage.'
Type: Other error

Error #2032:
Input:    'surcon tapped him on the shoulder, and he turned drawing a greasy hand across his forehead.'
Expected: 'Surcon tapped him on the shoulder, and he turned drawing a greasy hand across his forehead.'
Actual:   'Surcontappedhimontheshoulder,andheturneddrawingagreasyhandacrosshisforehead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2033:
Input:    '"it gives no trouble?" he asked in german, and the man shook his head.'
Expected: '"It gives no trouble?" he asked in German, and the man shook his head.'
Actual:   '``itgivesnotrouble?'' Heaskedingerman,andthemanshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2034:
Input:    '"_nein, herr._" "the dynamo runs well?" "_recht wohl, herr._" "_sehr gut!_" accompanied by torino, he retraced his steps laboriously, for the tunnel had a distinct upward gradient from the point where the engine was working.'
Expected: '"_Nein, Herr._" "The dynamo runs well?" "_Recht wohl, Herr._" "_Sehr gut!_" Accompanied by Torino, he retraced his steps laboriously, for the tunnel had a distinct upward gradient from the point where the engine was working.'
Actual:   '``_nein,herr._''``thedynamorunswell?'' ``_rechtwohl,herr._''``_sehrgut!_''accompaniedbytorino,heretracedhisstepslaboriously,forthetunnelhadadistinctupwardgradientfromthepointwheretheenginewasworking.'
Type: Other error

Error #2035:
Input:    'he was glad to return to the comparative freshness of the hall, for the atmosphere below was close and almost insufferable.'
Expected: 'He was glad to return to the comparative freshness of the hall, for the atmosphere below was close and almost insufferable.'
Actual:   'Hewasgladtoreturntothecomparativefreshnessofthehall,fortheatmospherebelowwascloseandalmostinsufferable.'
Type: Other error

Error #2036:
Input:    'they entered a room at the back of the house which had once been a beautiful dining-room.'
Expected: 'They entered a room at the back of the house which had once been a beautiful dining-room.'
Actual:   'Theyenteredaroomatthebackofthehousewhichhadoncebeenabeautifuldining-room.'
Type: Other error

Error #2037:
Input:    'now the polished mahogany table was scarred and stained, and the remains of a meal were congealing on the chipped plates.'
Expected: 'Now the polished mahogany table was scarred and stained, and the remains of a meal were congealing on the chipped plates.'
Actual:   'Nowthepolishedmahoganytablewasscarredandstained,andtheremainsofamealwerecongealingonthechippedplates.'
Type: Other error

Error #2038:
Input:    'a pack of cards was spread on the seat of one chair, and a dozen empty beer bottles stood by the wall.'
Expected: 'A pack of cards was spread on the seat of one chair, and a dozen empty beer bottles stood by the wall.'
Actual:   'Apackofcardswasspreadontheseatofonechair,andadozenemptybeerbottlesstoodbythewall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2039:
Input:    'with a gesture of distaste surcon swept the debris from one end of the table, dusted a chair with his handkerchief, and sat down delicately.'
Expected: 'With a gesture of distaste Surcon swept the debris from one end of the table, dusted a chair with his handkerchief, and sat down delicately.'
Actual:   'Withagestureofdistastesurconsweptthedebrisfromoneendofthetable,dustedachairwithhishandkerchief,andsatdowndelicately.'
Type: Other error

Error #2040:
Input:    'his companion followed suit without these precautions.'
Expected: 'His companion followed suit without these precautions.'
Actual:   'Hiscompanionfollowedsuitwithouttheseprecautions.'
Type: Other error

Error #2041:
Input:    '"where are the others?" asked ezra.'
Expected: '"Where are the others?" asked Ezra.'
Actual:   '``wherearetheothers?'' Askedezra.'
Type: Other error

Error #2042:
Input:    '"they sleep upstairs, _signor_.'
Expected: '"They sleep upstairs, _signor_.'
Actual:   '``theysleepupstairs,_signor_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2043:
Input:    'in an hour they relieve those who are working now." "there is enough room for the earth?" "barely, _signor_.'
Expected: 'In an hour they relieve those who are working now." "There is enough room for the earth?" "Barely, _signor_.'
Actual:   'Inanhourtheyrelievethosewhoareworkingnow.'' ``thereisenoughroomfortheearth?'' ``barely,_signor_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2044:
Input:    'much will have to be spread on the floor of the tunnel and in the cellars.'
Expected: 'Much will have to be spread on the floor of the tunnel and in the cellars.'
Actual:   'Muchwillhavetobespreadonthefloorofthetunnelandinthecellars.'
Type: Other error

Error #2045:
Input:    'a little will go in the upstairs room where the relief are resting." they spoke in italian, for mr.'
Expected: 'A little will go in the upstairs room where the relief are resting." They spoke in Italian, for Mr.'
Actual:   'Alittlewillgointheupstairsroomwherethereliefareresting.'' Theyspokeinitalian,forMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2046:
Input:    'surcon was a linguist.'
Expected: 'Surcon was a linguist.'
Actual:   'Surconwasalinguist.'
Type: Other error

Error #2047:
Input:    'he took out a bulging wallet and counted out a large sum, and passed the notes across the table.'
Expected: 'He took out a bulging wallet and counted out a large sum, and passed the notes across the table.'
Actual:   'Hetookoutabulgingwalletandcountedoutalargesum,andpassedthenotesacrossthetable.'
Type: Other error

Error #2048:
Input:    '"there is the pay," he said, "and there is a hundred per cent.'
Expected: '"There is the pay," he said, "and there is a hundred per cent.'
Actual:   '``thereisthepay,''hesaid,``andthereisahundredpercent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2049:
Input:    'bonus for finishing so soon.'
Expected: 'bonus for finishing so soon.'
Actual:   'Bonusforfinishingsosoon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2050:
Input:    'you will go from here to the other foremen, and tell them to promise their men the same if they complete their work at the time i have ordered." "_grazie, signor--subito._" "when they finish, they will return to headquarters.'
Expected: 'You will go from here to the other foremen, and tell them to promise their men the same if they complete their work at the time I have ordered." "_Grazie, signor--subito._" "When they finish, they will return to headquarters.'
Actual:   'Youwillgofromheretotheotherforemen,andtellthemtopromisetheirmenthesameiftheycompletetheirworkatthetimeihaveordered.'' ``_grazie,signor -- subito._''``whentheyfinish,theywillreturntoheadquarters.'
Type: Other error

Error #2051:
Input:    'only two need remain--yourself and one other.'
Expected: 'Only two need remain--yourself and one other.'
Actual:   'Onlytwoneedremain -- yourselfandoneother.'
Type: Other error

Error #2052:
Input:    'it is understood?" "_perfettamento._" the reason of his visit disposed of, the whim seized him to make a second tour of inspection below.'
Expected: 'It is understood?" "_Perfettamento._" The reason of his visit disposed of, the whim seized him to make a second tour of inspection below.'
Actual:   'Itisunderstood?'' ``_perfettamento._''thereasonofhisvisitdisposedof,thewhimseizedhimtomakeasecondtourofinspectionbelow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2053:
Input:    'this time he did not penetrate the tunnel, but sat on an up-ended packing-case in the cellar, gazing down towards the winking luminance that showed where his machine ploughed on tirelessly.'
Expected: 'This time he did not penetrate the tunnel, but sat on an up-ended packing-case in the cellar, gazing down towards the winking luminance that showed where his machine ploughed on tirelessly.'
Actual:   'Thistimehedidnotpenetratethetunnel,butsatonanup-endedpacking-caseinthecellar,gazingdowntowardsthewinkingluminancethatshowedwherehismachineploughedontirelessly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2054:
Input:    'the clamour and purr of it hypnotised him.'
Expected: 'The clamour and purr of it hypnotised him.'
Actual:   'Theclamourandpurrofithypnotisedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2055:
Input:    'he realised then, as for the first time, the colossal daring of his plot, and its immense simplicity.'
Expected: 'He realised then, as for the first time, the colossal daring of his plot, and its immense simplicity.'
Actual:   'Herealisedthen,asforthefirsttime,thecolossaldaringofhisplot,anditsimmensesimplicity.'
Type: Other error

Error #2056:
Input:    'the shaft which faced him was paralleled by six others, in various stages of progress, that were being driven to his command at that moment, by similar machinery.'
Expected: 'The shaft which faced him was paralleled by six others, in various stages of progress, that were being driven to his command at that moment, by similar machinery.'
Actual:   'Theshaftwhichfacedhimwasparalleledbysixothers,invariousstagesofprogress,thatwerebeingdriventohiscommandatthatmoment,bysimilarmachinery.'
Type: Other error

Error #2057:
Input:    'he had a stabbing comprehension of the immensity of the power he was moulding to his hand....'
Expected: 'He had a stabbing comprehension of the immensity of the Power he was moulding to his hand....'
Actual:   'Hehadastabbingcomprehensionoftheimmensityofthepowerhewasmouldingtohishand....'
Type: Other error

Error #2058:
Input:    'the man torino, breaking out of the gloom with one of the waste-baskets on his back, paused at the look of intentness on his master's face.'
Expected: 'The man Torino, breaking out of the gloom with one of the waste-baskets on his back, paused at the look of intentness on his master's face.'
Actual:   'Themantorino,breakingoutofthegloomwithoneofthewaste-basketsonhisback,pausedatthelookofintentnessonhismaster'sface.'
Type: Other error

Error #2059:
Input:    '"it is the plan of a genius," he said softly.'
Expected: '"It is the plan of a genius," he said softly.'
Actual:   '``itistheplanofagenius,''hesaidsoftly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2060:
Input:    '"so simple--and so unbeatable!'
Expected: '"So simple--and so unbeatable!'
Actual:   '``sosimple -- andsounbeatable!'
Type: Other error

Error #2061:
Input:    'it will mean wealth for all." surcon nodded.'
Expected: 'It will mean wealth for all." Surcon nodded.'
Actual:   'Itwillmeanwealthforall.'' Surconnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2062:
Input:    '"wealth....'
Expected: '"Wealth....'
Actual:   '``wealth....'
Type: Other error

Error #2063:
Input:    'but this little hole will be used last.'
Expected: 'But this little hole will be used last.'
Actual:   'Butthislittleholewillbeusedlast.'
Type: Other error

Error #2064:
Input:    'it is our safety-valve--our trump card.'
Expected: 'It is our safety-valve--our trump card.'
Actual:   'Itisoursafety-valve -- ourtrumpcard.'
Type: Other error

Error #2065:
Input:    'while this remains unused and a secret, there can be no danger." he followed his foreman back to the sty of a living-room and sat down with his chin in his palms, staring into vacancy.'
Expected: 'While this remains unused and a secret, there can be no danger." He followed his foreman back to the sty of a living-room and sat down with his chin in his palms, staring into vacancy.'
Actual:   'Whilethisremainsunusedandasecret,therecanbenodanger.'' Hefollowedhisforemanbacktothestyofaliving-roomandsatdownwithhischininhispalms,staringintovacancy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2066:
Input:    'the italian lighted a rank cigarette and searched among the bottles for an unopened one, which he failed to find.'
Expected: 'The Italian lighted a rank cigarette and searched among the bottles for an unopened one, which he failed to find.'
Actual:   'Theitalianlightedarankcigaretteandsearchedamongthebottlesforanunopenedone,whichhefailedtofind.'
Type: Other error

Error #2067:
Input:    'neither spoke, for each was busy with his own thoughts, and the rap-clang of the brass knocker on the front door made them both start.'
Expected: 'Neither spoke, for each was busy with his own thoughts, and the rap-clang of the brass knocker on the front door made them both start.'
Actual:   'Neitherspoke,foreachwasbusywithhisownthoughts,andtherap-clangofthebrassknockeronthefrontdoormadethembothstart.'
Type: Other error

Error #2068:
Input:    '"see who it is," ordered surcon, and torino nodded and tip-toed from the room.'
Expected: '"See who it is," ordered Surcon, and Torino nodded and tip-toed from the room.'
Actual:   '``seewhoitis,''orderedsurcon,andtorinonoddedandtip-toedfromtheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #2069:
Input:    'he was back in a moment with a small innocent-looking man whose china-blue eyes swept round the dining-room in one wary all-embracing glance.'
Expected: 'He was back in a moment with a small innocent-looking man whose china-blue eyes swept round the dining-room in one wary all-embracing glance.'
Actual:   'Hewasbackinamomentwithasmallinnocent-lookingmanwhosechina-blueeyessweptroundthedining-roominonewaryall-embracingglance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2070:
Input:    '"morini!" snapped surcon.'
Expected: '"Morini!" snapped Surcon.'
Actual:   '``morini!'' Snappedsurcon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2071:
Input:    '"why the devil have you come here?'
Expected: '"Why the devil have you come here?'
Actual:   '``whythedevilhaveyoucomehere?'
Type: Other error

Error #2072:
Input:    'would you lead the police----" "the bulls aren't after me," said morini calmly.'
Expected: 'Would you lead the police----" "The bulls aren't after me," said Morini calmly.'
Actual:   'Wouldyouleadthepolice --  -- ''``thebullsaren'tafterme,''saidmorinicalmly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2073:
Input:    '"arden was on the spot as usual--damn him!--but your idea of having two cars was a brain-wave.'
Expected: '"Arden was on the spot as usual--damn him!--but your idea of having two cars was a brain-wave.'
Actual:   '``ardenwasonthespotasusual -- damnhim! -- butyourideaofhavingtwocarswasabrain-wave.'
Type: Other error

Error #2074:
Input:    'he smashed his car into the carillon, just as i expected, and i jumped from the navarre.'
Expected: 'He smashed his car into the Carillon, just as I expected, and I jumped from the Navarre.'
Actual:   'Hesmashedhiscarintothecarillon,justasiexpected,andijumpedfromthenavarre.'
Type: Other error

Error #2075:
Input:    'gee!--i've never seen a man look so sick!'
Expected: 'Gee!--I've never seen a man look so sick!'
Actual:   'Gee! -- i'veneverseenamanlooksosick!'
Type: Other error

Error #2076:
Input:    'he started gunning from the wreckage--plumb in the middle of west cromwell road--but we were round the next corner too quick for him." he spoke without mecklen's nasal twang, for "gat" morini had once been a gentleman--notwithstanding which fact he was infinitely the more dangerous of the two.'
Expected: 'He started gunning from the wreckage--plumb in the middle of West Cromwell Road--but we were round the next corner too quick for him." He spoke without Mecklen's nasal twang, for "Gat" Morini had once been a gentleman--notwithstanding which fact he was infinitely the more dangerous of the two.'
Actual:   'Hestartedgunningfromthewreckage -- plumbinthemiddleofwestcromwellroad -- butwewereroundthenextcornertooquickforhim.'' Hespokewithoutmecklen'snasaltwang,for``gat''morinihadoncebeenagentleman -- notwithstandingwhichfacthewasinfinitelythemoredangerousofthetwo.'
Type: Other error

Error #2077:
Input:    '"did you get marker?" "not fatally, though he may die.'
Expected: '"Did you get Marker?" "Not fatally, though he may die.'
Actual:   '``didyougetmarker?'' ``notfatally,thoughhemaydie.'
Type: Other error

Error #2078:
Input:    'i always know to a fraction of an inch where my shots go.'
Expected: 'I always know to a fraction of an inch where my shots go.'
Actual:   'Ialwaysknowtoafractionofaninchwheremyshotsgo.'
Type: Other error

Error #2079:
Input:    'arden was so much on the premises he worried me a little, and i misjudged the speed of the car." surcon shrugged.'
Expected: 'Arden was so much on the premises he worried me a little, and I misjudged the speed of the car." Surcon shrugged.'
Actual:   'Ardenwassomuchonthepremisesheworriedmealittle,andimisjudgedthespeedofthecar.'' Surconshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #2080:
Input:    '"it doesn't matter," he remarked.'
Expected: '"It doesn't matter," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``itdoesn'tmatter,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2081:
Input:    '"gunning is crude--i have a better plan now.'
Expected: '"Gunning is crude--I have a better plan now.'
Actual:   '``gunningiscrude -- ihaveabetterplannow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2082:
Input:    'a few days----" "a few days, in which arden may put you behind bars." morini leaned against the door and began to pour flake tobacco into a curled slip of paper.'
Expected: 'A few days----" "A few days, in which Arden may put you behind bars." Morini leaned against the door and began to pour flake tobacco into a curled slip of paper.'
Actual:   'Afewdays --  -- ''``afewdays,inwhichardenmayputyoubehindbars.'' Morinileanedagainstthedoorandbegantopourflaketobaccointoacurledslipofpaper.'
Type: Other error

Error #2083:
Input:    '"you underrate that man, chief.'
Expected: '"You underrate that man, Chief.'
Actual:   '``youunderratethatman,chief.'
Type: Other error

Error #2084:
Input:    'he's cool--so cool he nearly gives me cold feet.'
Expected: 'He's cool--so cool he nearly gives me cold feet.'
Actual:   'He'scool -- socoolhenearlygivesmecoldfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2085:
Input:    'and tough--he's just a slab of bessemer on two legs." he fixed his cigarette with one deft twist and lighted it in the same movement.'
Expected: 'And tough--he's just a slab of Bessemer on two legs." He fixed his cigarette with one deft twist and lighted it in the same movement.'
Actual:   'Andtough -- he'sjustaslabofbessemerontwolegs.'' Hefixedhiscigarettewithonedefttwistandlighteditinthesamemovement.'
Type: Other error

Error #2086:
Input:    '"i've met him before, and it was too even a chance between us to make me feel comfortable!" "are you scared?" demanded surcon malignantly.'
Expected: '"I've met him before, and it was too even a chance between us to make me feel comfortable!" "Are you scared?" demanded Surcon malignantly.'
Actual:   '``i'vemethimbefore,anditwastooevenachancebetweenustomakemefeelcomfortable!'' ``areyouscared?'' Demandedsurconmalignantly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2087:
Input:    '"because, if so----" "_scared_," said morini equably, "is a word folks who know old gat just don't use when i'm around.'
Expected: '"Because, if so----" "_Scared_," said Morini equably, "is a word folks who know old Gat just don't use when I'm around.'
Actual:   '``because,ifso --  -- ''``_scared_,''saidmoriniequably,``isawordfolkswhoknowoldgatjustdon'tusewheni'maround.'
Type: Other error

Error #2088:
Input:    'but i don't mind 'em knowing that a coffin isn't my idea of a good time." surcon regarded his subordinate in silence, his big hands locked together on the table, his heavy brows lowered.'
Expected: 'But I don't mind 'em knowing that a coffin isn't my idea of a good time." Surcon regarded his subordinate in silence, his big hands locked together on the table, his heavy brows lowered.'
Actual:   'Butidon'tmind'emknowingthatacoffinisn'tmyideaofagoodtime.'' Surconregardedhissubordinateinsilence,hisbighandslockedtogetheronthetable,hisheavybrowslowered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2089:
Input:    '"well?" "let me go gunning for him, chief," begged morini.'
Expected: '"Well?" "Let me go gunning for him, Chief," begged Morini.'
Actual:   '``well?'' ``letmegogunningforhim,chief,''beggedmorini.'
Type: Other error

Error #2090:
Input:    '"i tell you, i won't feel comfortable in this game till arden's riding in a black buggy.'
Expected: '"I tell you, I won't feel comfortable in this game till Arden's riding in a black buggy.'
Actual:   '``itellyou,iwon'tfeelcomfortableinthisgametillarden'sridinginablackbuggy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2091:
Input:    'he'd be easy--he takes any risk.'
Expected: 'He'd be easy--he takes any risk.'
Actual:   'He'dbeeasy -- hetakesanyrisk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2092:
Input:    'he got lew, but lew always was too nervy to be much good at close work.'
Expected: 'He got Lew, but Lew always was too nervy to be much good at close work.'
Actual:   'Hegotlew,butlewalwayswastoonervytobemuchgoodatclosework.'
Type: Other error

Error #2093:
Input:    'i shouldn't have missed him that night." surcon shook his head--reluctantly, one might have thought, but none the less definitely.'
Expected: 'I shouldn't have missed him that night." Surcon shook his head--reluctantly, one might have thought, but none the less definitely.'
Actual:   'Ishouldn'thavemissedhimthatnight.'' Surconshookhishead -- reluctantly,onemighthavethought,butnonethelessdefinitely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2094:
Input:    'his fingers untwined, and he flattened his palms slowly on the mahogany in a simple gesture that conveyed better than words the utter finality of his decision.'
Expected: 'His fingers untwined, and he flattened his palms slowly on the mahogany in a simple gesture that conveyed better than words the utter finality of his decision.'
Actual:   'Hisfingersuntwined,andheflattenedhispalmsslowlyonthemahoganyinasimplegesturethatconveyedbetterthanwordstheutterfinalityofhisdecision.'
Type: Other error

Error #2095:
Input:    'i'll deal with him.'
Expected: 'I'll deal with him.'
Actual:   'I'lldealwithhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2096:
Input:    'he needn't be killed.'
Expected: 'He needn't be killed.'
Actual:   'Heneedn'tbekilled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2097:
Input:    'we can hold him until the government have paid up, and then he can go." "you seem to have a soft spot in your heart for that guy." morini flicked up an interrogative eyebrow.'
Expected: 'We can hold him until the Government have paid up, and then he can go." "You seem to have a soft spot in your heart for that guy." Morini flicked up an interrogative eyebrow.'
Actual:   'Wecanholdhimuntilthegovernmenthavepaidup,andthenhecango.'' ``youseemtohaveasoftspotinyourheartforthatguy.'' Moriniflickedupaninterrogativeeyebrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2098:
Input:    '"is he your long-lost brother or something?" surcon ignored the question.'
Expected: '"Is he your long-lost brother or something?" Surcon ignored the question.'
Actual:   '``isheyourlong-lostbrotherorsomething?'' Surconignoredthequestion.'
Type: Other error

Error #2099:
Input:    '"how's rodriguez?" "nearly dead.'
Expected: '"How's Rodriguez?" "Nearly dead.'
Actual:   '``how'srodriguez?'' ``nearlydead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2100:
Input:    'he'll go out to-night for a certainty.'
Expected: 'He'll go out to-night for a certainty.'
Actual:   'He'llgooutto-nightforacertainty.'
Type: Other error

Error #2101:
Input:    'trouble is, we can't have a doc.'
Expected: 'Trouble is, we can't have a doc.'
Actual:   'Troubleis,wecan'thaveadoc.'
Type: Other error

Error #2102:
Input:    'in with that place looking like a cross between an arsenal and a barracks." "i'll give instructions about him by telephone." surcon rose and buttoned his coat.'
Expected: 'in with that place looking like a cross between an arsenal and a barracks." "I'll give instructions about him by telephone." Surcon rose and buttoned his coat.'
Actual:   'Inwiththatplacelookinglikeacrossbetweenanarsenalandabarracks.'' ``i'llgiveinstructionsabouthimbytelephone.'' Surconroseandbuttonedhiscoat.'
Type: Other error

Error #2103:
Input:    'he picked up his hat, and morini stood aside to give him passage.'
Expected: 'He picked up his hat, and Morini stood aside to give him passage.'
Actual:   'Hepickeduphishat,andmorinistoodasidetogivehimpassage.'
Type: Other error

Error #2104:
Input:    'surcon paused in the doorway, and his eyes fixed the gunman with a cold warning in them that was more acidly menacing than his words.'
Expected: 'Surcon paused in the doorway, and his eyes fixed the gunman with a cold warning in them that was more acidly menacing than his words.'
Actual:   'Surconpausedinthedoorway,andhiseyesfixedthegunmanwithacoldwarninginthemthatwasmoreacidlymenacingthanhiswords.'
Type: Other error

Error #2105:
Input:    '"you understand?" he said.'
Expected: '"You understand?" he said.'
Actual:   '``youunderstand?'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2106:
Input:    '"leave arden to me.'
Expected: '"Leave Arden to me.'
Actual:   '``leaveardentome.'
Type: Other error

Error #2107:
Input:    'if you kill him, you will die.'
Expected: 'If you kill him, you will die.'
Actual:   'Ifyoukillhim,youwilldie.'
Type: Other error

Error #2108:
Input:    'that's all." morini showed his teeth.'
Expected: 'That's all." Morini showed his teeth.'
Actual:   'That'sall.'' Morinishowedhisteeth.'
Type: Other error

Error #2109:
Input:    '"_is_ he your brother, chief?" he taunted, and then the flame of concentrated venom that licked out of the big man's eyes made him shrink back.'
Expected: '"_Is_ he your brother, Chief?" he taunted, and then the flame of concentrated venom that licked out of the big man's eyes made him shrink back.'
Actual:   '``_is_heyourbrother,chief?'' Hetaunted,andthentheflameofconcentratedvenomthatlickedoutofthebigman'seyesmadehimshrinkback.'
Type: Other error

Error #2110:
Input:    'in that moment, with that one level gaze, surcon, unarmed in the presence of a professional killer, showed who was master.'
Expected: 'In that moment, with that one level gaze, Surcon, unarmed in the presence of a professional killer, showed who was master.'
Actual:   'Inthatmoment,withthatonelevelgaze,surcon,unarmedinthepresenceofaprofessionalkiller,showedwhowasmaster.'
Type: Other error

Error #2111:
Input:    '"no--he is my son," he said simply, and was gone.'
Expected: '"No--he is my son," he said simply, and was gone.'
Actual:   '``no -- heismyson,''hesaidsimply,andwasgone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2112:
Input:    'an hour later he sat at ease in an armchair, reading over the proclamation that was to appear in every london newspaper the next morning.'
Expected: 'An hour later he sat at ease in an armchair, reading over the proclamation that was to appear in every London newspaper the next morning.'
Actual:   'Anhourlaterhesatateaseinanarmchair,readingovertheproclamationthatwastoappearineverylondonnewspaperthenextmorning.'
Type: Other error

Error #2113:
Input:    'it was a notice absolutely without precedent in the history of crime--an ultimatum set out with all the cold-blooded arrogant effrontery of a note from an unscrupulous great power to an insignificant power--a manifesto that was staggering in its presumptuous authoritativeness, before which the imagination reeled away with uneasy incredulity.'
Expected: 'It was a notice absolutely without precedent in the history of crime--an ultimatum set out with all the cold-blooded arrogant effrontery of a Note from an unscrupulous Great Power to an insignificant Power--a manifesto that was staggering in its presumptuous authoritativeness, before which the imagination reeled away with uneasy incredulity.'
Actual:   'Itwasanoticeabsolutelywithoutprecedentinthehistoryofcrime -- anultimatumsetoutwithallthecold-bloodedarroganteffronteryofanotefromanunscrupulousgreatpowertoaninsignificantpower -- amanifestothatwasstaggeringinitspresumptuousauthoritativeness,beforewhichtheimaginationreeledawaywithuneasyincredulity.'
Type: Other error

Error #2114:
Input:    'chapter xii tours in billingsgate respectable young ladies of gentle nurture do not as a rule haunt the obscure purlieus which lie east of london bridge, down towards the river, at one o'clock in the morning; but then, although susan hawthorne might have pleaded guilty to the gentle nurture part of the clause, it is doubtful whether she would have admitted her respectability.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER XII TOURS IN BILLINGSGATE Respectable young ladies of gentle nurture do not as a rule haunt the obscure purlieus which lie east of London Bridge, down towards the river, at one o'clock in the morning; but then, although Susan Hawthorne might have pleaded guilty to the gentle nurture part of the clause, it is doubtful whether she would have admitted her respectability.'
Actual:   'Chapterxiitoursinbillingsgaterespectableyoungladiesofgentlenurturedonotasarulehaunttheobscurepurlieuswhichlieeastoflondonbridge,downtowardstheriver,atoneo'clockinthemorning;butthen,althoughsusanhawthornemighthavepleadedguiltytothegentlenurturepartoftheclause,itisdoubtfulwhethershewouldhaveadmittedherrespectability.'
Type: Other error

Error #2115:
Input:    'respectability and old smiler, her beloved father, tutor, friend, and companion in the all-important years between fourteen and twenty, were two factors which in the eyes of the initiated were about as likely to merge successfully as oil and water.'
Expected: 'Respectability and old Smiler, her beloved father, tutor, friend, and companion in the all-important years between fourteen and twenty, were two factors which in the eyes of the initiated were about as likely to merge successfully as oil and water.'
Actual:   'Respectabilityandoldsmiler,herbelovedfather,tutor,friend,andcompanionintheall-importantyearsbetweenfourteenandtwenty,weretwofactorswhichintheeyesoftheinitiatedwereaboutaslikelytomergesuccessfullyasoilandwater.'
Type: Other error

Error #2116:
Input:    'certainly, when adventure loomed ahead, the teaching of old smiler took no stock of convention.'
Expected: 'Certainly, when Adventure loomed ahead, the teaching of old Smiler took no stock of convention.'
Actual:   'Certainly,whenadventureloomedahead,theteachingofoldsmilertooknostockofconvention.'
Type: Other error

Error #2117:
Input:    '"if there's trouble with a big t at the end of anything," was his oft-inculcated maxim, "life isn't worth living unless you're making a bee-line for it.'
Expected: '"If there's Trouble with a big T at the end of anything," was his oft-inculcated maxim, "life isn't worth living unless you're making a bee-line for it.'
Actual:   '``ifthere'stroublewithabigtattheendofanything,''washisoft-inculcatedmaxim,``lifeisn'tworthlivingunlessyou'remakingabee-lineforit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2118:
Input:    'and if, on the way, you come up against something you know you can't do, and it's in the way, well--do it, and hell to the consequences." a pernicious doctrine by almost any ethical standard, but one which by frequent repetition had become as much a part of susan's life as old hawthorne himself.'
Expected: 'And if, on the way, you come up against something you know you CAN'T do, and it's in the way, well--DO IT, and hell to the consequences." A pernicious doctrine by almost any ethical standard, but one which by frequent repetition had become as much a part of Susan's life as old Hawthorne himself.'
Actual:   'Andif,ontheway,youcomeupagainstsomethingyouknowyoucan'tdo,andit'sintheway,well -- doit,andhelltotheconsequences.'' Aperniciousdoctrinebyalmostanyethicalstandard,butonewhichbyfrequentrepetitionhadbecomeasmuchapartofsusan'slifeasoldhawthornehimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2119:
Input:    'which goes to explain why she sauntered down lower thames street on a certain evening on felony bent.'
Expected: 'Which goes to explain why she sauntered down Lower Thames Street on a certain evening on felony bent.'
Actual:   'Whichgoestoexplainwhyshesauntereddownlowerthamesstreetonacertaineveningonfelonybent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2120:
Input:    'there was no hesitation in her lissom stride--she even hummed a little tune.'
Expected: 'There was no hesitation in her lissom stride--she even hummed a little tune.'
Actual:   'Therewasnohesitationinherlissomstride -- sheevenhummedalittletune.'
Type: Other error

Error #2121:
Input:    'you don't know her!'
Expected: 'You don't know her!'
Actual:   'Youdon'tknowher!'
Type: Other error

Error #2122:
Input:    'susan hawthorne, who on one occasion had stuck up his excellency the president of olvidada at the end of a six-shooter, in his own illustrious palace, for six measured hours, what time she--er--persuaded him to issue divers orders anent the constitution of that misruled republic--orders which made his excellency shudder and gasp and fume impotently--susan hawthorne, i say, and nerves?'
Expected: 'Susan Hawthorne, who on one occasion had stuck up His Excellency the President of Olvidada at the end of a six-shooter, in his own Illustrious Palace, for six measured hours, what time she--er--persuaded him to issue divers orders anent the constitution of that misruled Republic--orders which made His Excellency shudder and gasp and fume impotently--Susan Hawthorne, I say, and nerves?'
Actual:   'Susanhawthorne,whoononeoccasionhadstuckuphisexcellencythepresidentofolvidadaattheendofasix-shooter,inhisownillustriouspalace,forsixmeasuredhours,whattimeshe -- er -- persuadedhimtoissuediversordersanenttheconstitutionofthatmisruledrepublic -- orderswhichmadehisexcellencyshudderandgaspandfumeimpotently -- susanhawthorne,isay,andnerves?'
Type: Other error

Error #2123:
Input:    'not in your sweet natural, stranger!'
Expected: 'Not in your sweet natural, stranger!'
Actual:   'Notinyoursweetnatural,stranger!'
Type: Other error

Error #2124:
Input:    'nothing so amateurish as taut muscles, quivering ganglions, and a disconcerting void in the gastric regions--nothing more tremulous than a faint pleasurable tingling of anticipation.'
Expected: 'Nothing so amateurish as taut muscles, quivering ganglions, and a disconcerting void in the gastric regions--nothing more tremulous than a faint pleasurable tingling of anticipation.'
Actual:   'Nothingsoamateurishastautmuscles,quiveringganglions,andadisconcertingvoidinthegastricregions -- nothingmoretremulousthanafaintpleasurabletinglingofanticipation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2125:
Input:    'to the casual eye she was simply a weedy youth trudging towards his favourite pub.'
Expected: 'To the casual eye she was simply a weedy youth trudging towards his favourite pub.'
Actual:   'Tothecasualeyeshewassimplyaweedyyouthtrudgingtowardshisfavouritepub.'
Type: Other error

Error #2126:
Input:    'a moist and melancholy-looking cigarette dangled from the corner of her mouth; her face and hands were convincingly grimed; her shoulders slouched.'
Expected: 'A moist and melancholy-looking cigarette dangled from the corner of her mouth; her face and hands were convincingly grimed; her shoulders slouched.'
Actual:   'Amoistandmelancholy-lookingcigarettedangledfromthecornerofhermouth;herfaceandhandswereconvincinglygrimed;hershouldersslouched.'
Type: Other error

Error #2127:
Input:    'the corduroy trousers were artistically torn, the ill-fitting coat dusty and clumsily patched, the tweed cap pulled down over her eyes in the approved rakish manner.'
Expected: 'The corduroy trousers were artistically torn, the ill-fitting coat dusty and clumsily patched, the tweed cap pulled down over her eyes in the approved rakish manner.'
Actual:   'Thecorduroytrouserswereartisticallytorn,theill-fittingcoatdustyandclumsilypatched,thetweedcappulleddownoverhereyesintheapprovedrakishmanner.'
Type: Other error

Error #2128:
Input:    'there were only two things about her attire to distinguish her from the original of the part she was playing, and neither of these obtruded itself.'
Expected: 'There were only two things about her attire to distinguish her from the original of the part she was playing, and neither of these obtruded itself.'
Actual:   'Therewereonlytwothingsaboutherattiretodistinguishherfromtheoriginalofthepartshewasplaying,andneitheroftheseobtrudeditself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2129:
Input:    'one was her shoes--light black pumps with soles as thin and flexible as rubber wafers, which made no sound as they plodded lightly over the cobbles---the second was a little instrument of blued steel which nestled against her hip, for susan hawthorne had spent most of her unusual adolescence in those parts of the world where, the wise go heeled and the foolish are all dead.'
Expected: 'One was her shoes--light black pumps with soles as thin and flexible as rubber wafers, which made no sound as they plodded lightly over the cobbles---the second was a little instrument of blued steel which nestled against her hip, for Susan Hawthorne had spent most of her unusual adolescence in those parts of the world where, the wise go heeled and the foolish are all dead.'
Actual:   'Onewashershoes -- lightblackpumpswithsolesasthinandflexibleasrubberwafers,whichmadenosoundastheyploddedlightlyoverthecobbles -- -thesecondwasalittleinstrumentofbluedsteelwhichnestledagainstherhip,forsusanhawthornehadspentmostofherunusualadolescenceinthosepartsoftheworldwhere,thewisegoheeledandthefoolisharealldead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2130:
Input:    'so storm had decided that she wasn't to be in the triangle picnic, had he?'
Expected: 'So Storm had decided that she wasn't to be in the Triangle picnic, had he?'
Actual:   'Sostormhaddecidedthatshewasn'ttobeinthetrianglepicnic,hadhe?'
Type: Other error

Error #2131:
Input:    'well, he'd got another guess coming, she reflected grimly.'
Expected: 'Well, he'd got another guess coming, she reflected grimly.'
Actual:   'Well,he'dgotanotherguesscoming,shereflectedgrimly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2132:
Input:    'keep her out of it, when in her time she'd been through more hair-raising adventures, in company with old smiler and kit arden, than she could remember in detail?'
Expected: 'Keep her out of it, when in her time she'd been through more hair-raising adventures, in company with old Smiler and Kit Arden, than she could remember in detail?'
Actual:   'Keepheroutofit,wheninhertimeshe'dbeenthroughmorehair-raisingadventures,incompanywitholdsmilerandkitarden,thanshecouldrememberindetail?'
Type: Other error

Error #2133:
Input:    'she was swift on the uptake, was this slim girl.'
Expected: 'She was swift on the uptake, was this slim girl.'
Actual:   'Shewasswiftontheuptake,wasthisslimgirl.'
Type: Other error

Error #2134:
Input:    'storm had rambled on unsuspectingly about the mysterious warehouse in billingsgate, and uncle joe had spoken sombrely of the mysterious mr.'
Expected: 'Storm had rambled on unsuspectingly about the mysterious warehouse in Billingsgate, and Uncle Joe had spoken sombrely of the mysterious Mr.'
Actual:   'Stormhadrambledonunsuspectinglyaboutthemysteriouswarehouseinbillingsgate,andunclejoehadspokensombrelyofthemysteriousMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2135:
Input:    'the faculty of adding two and two, and unfailingly producing a tentative dozen, was hers in a marked degree, and a few discreet investigations had done the rest.'
Expected: 'The faculty of adding two and two, and unfailingly producing a tentative dozen, was hers in a marked degree, and a few discreet investigations had done the rest.'
Actual:   'Thefacultyofaddingtwoandtwo,andunfailinglyproducingatentativedozen,washersinamarkeddegree,andafewdiscreetinvestigationshaddonetherest.'
Type: Other error

Error #2136:
Input:    'oscar raegenssen himself, that eccentric gentleman, was the worthy burgess who numbered that curious "saw-mill" among his goods and chattels, and the coincidence required closer scrutiny.'
Expected: 'Oscar Raegenssen himself, that eccentric gentleman, was the worthy burgess who numbered that curious "saw-mill" among his goods and chattels, and the coincidence required closer scrutiny.'
Actual:   'Oscarraegenssenhimself,thateccentricgentleman,wastheworthyburgesswhonumberedthatcurious``saw-mill''amonghisgoodsandchattels,andthecoincidencerequiredcloserscrutiny.'
Type: Other error

Error #2137:
Input:    'there had remained only the minor problem of the escape from the watchful eye of terry mannering, and from the even more intent care of the plain-clothes watch-dog whom storm had set over her....'
Expected: 'There had remained only the minor problem of the escape from the watchful eye of Terry Mannering, and from the even more intent care of the plain-clothes watch-dog whom Storm had set over her....'
Actual:   'Therehadremainedonlytheminorproblemoftheescapefromthewatchfuleyeofterrymannering,andfromtheevenmoreintentcareoftheplain-clotheswatch-dogwhomstormhadsetoverher....'
Type: Other error

Error #2138:
Input:    'to one of her breed, that difficulty was exceeding small.'
Expected: 'To one of her breed, that difficulty was exceeding small.'
Actual:   'Tooneofherbreed,thatdifficultywasexceedingsmall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2139:
Input:    'she chuckled reminiscently as she recalled the simple ruse she had employed to circumvent it.'
Expected: 'She chuckled reminiscently as she recalled the simple ruse she had employed to circumvent it.'
Actual:   'Shechuckledreminiscentlyassherecalledthesimpleruseshehademployedtocircumventit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2140:
Input:    'the sud-scandinavia sawmill stood a little way back from the narrow street, occupying a whole block, and fronted by a wide stretch of pavement, not a hundred miles from nicholson's wharf--a gaunt sooty building from which by night and by day issued the muffled swoosh and clang of a tireless plant.'
Expected: 'The Sud-Scandinavia Sawmill stood a little way back from the narrow street, occupying a whole block, and fronted by a wide stretch of pavement, not a hundred miles from Nicholson's Wharf--a gaunt sooty building from which by night and by day issued the muffled swoosh and clang of a tireless plant.'
Actual:   'Thesud-scandinaviasawmillstoodalittlewaybackfromthenarrowstreet,occupyingawholeblock,andfrontedbyawidestretchofpavement,notahundredmilesfromnicholson'swharf -- agauntsootybuildingfromwhichbynightandbydayissuedthemuffledswooshandclangofatirelessplant.'
Type: Other error

Error #2141:
Input:    'a forbidden place--glancing up as she approached, she took in its massive dullness; the intangible air of secrecy; the barred and shuttered windows placed high up in the walls; the single narrow rat-hole-like entrance with its steel-mounted door.'
Expected: 'A forbidden place--glancing up as she approached, she took in its massive dullness; the intangible air of secrecy; the barred and shuttered windows placed high up in the walls; the single narrow rat-hole-like entrance with its steel-mounted door.'
Actual:   'Aforbiddenplace -- glancingupassheapproached,shetookinitsmassivedullness;theintangibleairofsecrecy;thebarredandshutteredwindowsplacedhighupinthewalls;thesinglenarrowrat-hole-likeentrancewithitssteel-mounteddoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2142:
Input:    'the demesne of sud-scandinavian wood was going to be difficult.'
Expected: 'The demesne of Sud-Scandinavian Wood was going to be difficult.'
Actual:   'Thedemesneofsud-scandinavianwoodwasgoingtobedifficult.'
Type: Other error

Error #2143:
Input:    'but it took a lot to daunt susan, once she had definitely embarked on an enterprise.'
Expected: 'But it took a lot to daunt Susan, once she had definitely embarked on an enterprise.'
Actual:   'Butittookalottodauntsusan,onceshehaddefinitelyembarkedonanenterprise.'
Type: Other error

Error #2144:
Input:    'in one lightning summary of the situation she laid hold of the fact that nothing short of dynamite could force an entrance into that building, if so be the occupants earnestly desired to prevent ingress.'
Expected: 'In one lightning summary of the situation she laid hold of the fact that nothing short of dynamite could force an entrance into that building, if so be the occupants earnestly desired to prevent ingress.'
Actual:   'Inonelightningsummaryofthesituationshelaidholdofthefactthatnothingshortofdynamitecouldforceanentranceintothatbuilding,ifsobetheoccupantsearnestlydesiredtopreventingress.'
Type: Other error

Error #2145:
Input:    'dynamite, or low cunning.'
Expected: 'Dynamite, or low cunning.'
Actual:   'Dynamite,orlowcunning.'
Type: Other error

Error #2146:
Input:    'dynamite being clearly out of the question, stealth became the order of the day.'
Expected: 'Dynamite being clearly out of the question, stealth became the order of the day.'
Actual:   'Dynamitebeingclearlyoutofthequestion,stealthbecametheorderoftheday.'
Type: Other error

Error #2147:
Input:    'all this she had grasped and docketed in the couple of dozen paces it took her to reach the place, and she never paused as she approached the small door.'
Expected: 'All this she had grasped and docketed in the couple of dozen paces it took her to reach the place, and she never paused as she approached the small door.'
Actual:   'Allthisshehadgraspedanddocketedinthecoupleofdozenpacesittookhertoreachtheplace,andsheneverpausedassheapproachedthesmalldoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2148:
Input:    'under the light of the lone flare which guttered over the lintel, she studied the masonry on either side and located a bell.'
Expected: 'Under the light of the lone flare which guttered over the lintel, she studied the masonry on either side and located a bell.'
Actual:   'Underthelightoftheloneflarewhichgutteredoverthelintel,shestudiedthemasonryoneithersideandlocatedabell.'
Type: Other error

Error #2149:
Input:    'her finger pressed it with a firm touch.'
Expected: 'Her finger pressed it with a firm touch.'
Actual:   'Herfingerpresseditwithafirmtouch.'
Type: Other error

Error #2150:
Input:    'a while she waited, and when no response came she pressed again.'
Expected: 'A while she waited, and when no response came she pressed again.'
Actual:   'Awhileshewaited,andwhennoresponsecameshepressedagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #2151:
Input:    'straining her ears, she caught the tread of heavy feet coming towards her.'
Expected: 'Straining her ears, she caught the tread of heavy feet coming towards her.'
Actual:   'Strainingherears,shecaughtthetreadofheavyfeetcomingtowardsher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2152:
Input:    'there was something threatening about their slow progress which would have alarmed most people--it was as if the janitor knew that the one outside was no regular visitor, and was suspicious.'
Expected: 'There was something threatening about their slow progress which would have alarmed most people--it was as if the janitor knew that the one outside was no regular visitor, and was suspicious.'
Actual:   'Therewassomethingthreateningabouttheirslowprogresswhichwouldhavealarmedmostpeople -- itwasasifthejanitorknewthattheoneoutsidewasnoregularvisitor,andwassuspicious.'
Type: Other error

Error #2153:
Input:    'came the gentle slither of bolts in well-oiled grooves--she counted four of them--and then the protesting snap of a big lock.'
Expected: 'Came the gentle slither of bolts in well-oiled grooves--she counted four of them--and then the protesting snap of a big lock.'
Actual:   'Camethegentleslitherofboltsinwell-oiledgrooves -- shecountedfourofthem -- andthentheprotestingsnapofabiglock.'
Type: Other error

Error #2154:
Input:    'the door swung back a couple of inches, and part of a scowling face appeared in the gap.'
Expected: 'The door swung back a couple of inches, and part of a scowling face appeared in the gap.'
Actual:   'Thedoorswungbackacoupleofinches,andpartofascowlingfaceappearedinthegap.'
Type: Other error

Error #2155:
Input:    '"vat ees?" "an urgent message.'
Expected: '"Vat ees?" "An urgent message.'
Actual:   '``vatees?'' ``anurgentmessage.'
Type: Other error

Error #2156:
Input:    'hurry up and let me in, you fool!" as the man perceived her slightness and the fact that she was alone, the door creaked open a further six inches.'
Expected: 'Hurry up and let me in, you fool!" As the man perceived her slightness and the fact that she was alone, the door creaked open a further six inches.'
Actual:   'Hurryupandletmein,youfool!'' Asthemanperceivedherslightnessandthefactthatshewasalone,thedoorcreakedopenafurthersixinches.'
Type: Other error

Error #2157:
Input:    '"hom from?" "the chief." "i know no cheef," said the man, and began to close the door again, but susan already had her foot in the jamb.'
Expected: '"Hom from?" "The Chief." "I know no Cheef," said the man, and began to close the door again, but Susan already had her foot in the jamb.'
Actual:   '``homfrom?'' ``thechief.'' ``iknownocheef,''saidtheman,andbegantoclosethedooragain,butsusanalreadyhadherfootinthejamb.'
Type: Other error

Error #2158:
Input:    '"the triangle, you infernal idiot," she hissed.'
Expected: '"The Triangle, you infernal idiot," she hissed.'
Actual:   '``thetriangle,youinfernalidiot,''shehissed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2159:
Input:    '"vich triangle?" she played her trump card.'
Expected: '"Vich Triangle?" She played her trump card.'
Actual:   '``vichtriangle?'' Sheplayedhertrumpcard.'
Type: Other error

Error #2160:
Input:    'something silvery glittered in her open palm as she thrust it towards the man's eyes--joe blaythwayt had begged it from mr.'
Expected: 'Something silvery glittered in her open palm as she thrust it towards the man's eyes--Joe Blaythwayt had begged it from Mr.'
Actual:   'Somethingsilveryglitteredinheropenpalmasshethrustittowardstheman'seyes -- joeblaythwaythadbeggeditfromMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2161:
Input:    'teal as a memento, and susan had abstracted it from uncle joe's treasury without that formality, in preparation for just such a contingency.'
Expected: 'Teal as a memento, and Susan had abstracted it from Uncle Joe's treasury without that formality, in preparation for just such a contingency.'
Actual:   'Tealasamemento,andsusanhadabstracteditfromunclejoe'streasurywithoutthatformality,inpreparationforjustsuchacontingency.'
Type: Other error

Error #2162:
Input:    'the charm worked.'
Expected: 'The charm worked.'
Actual:   'Thecharmworked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2163:
Input:    'the door opened wide enough for her to pass.'
Expected: 'The door opened wide enough for her to pass.'
Actual:   'Thedooropenedwideenoughforhertopass.'
Type: Other error

Error #2164:
Input:    '"com." she entered, and heard the door close and the bolts snick back into place.'
Expected: '"Com." She entered, and heard the door close and the bolts snick back into place.'
Actual:   '``com.'' Sheentered,andheardthedoorcloseandtheboltssnickbackintoplace.'
Type: Other error

Error #2165:
Input:    'the darkness closed down inkily, and then the shuffling of the janitor's feet stopped and a switch clicked.'
Expected: 'The darkness closed down inkily, and then the shuffling of the janitor's feet stopped and a switch clicked.'
Actual:   'Thedarknesscloseddowninkily,andthentheshufflingofthejanitor'sfeetstoppedandaswitchclicked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2166:
Input:    'over her head a frosted bulb broke into a dim radiance.'
Expected: 'Over her head a frosted bulb broke into a dim radiance.'
Actual:   'Overherheadafrostedbulbbrokeintoadimradiance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2167:
Input:    'without embarrassment she crushed out the stump of her fag on the dusty floor and took another from a gaudy packet.'
Expected: 'Without embarrassment she crushed out the stump of her fag on the dusty floor and took another from a gaudy packet.'
Actual:   'Withoutembarrassmentshecrushedoutthestumpofherfagonthedustyfloorandtookanotherfromagaudypacket.'
Type: Other error

Error #2168:
Input:    'she knew that she was being inspected closely, but, secure in the efficiency of her disguise, this fact troubled her not at all.'
Expected: 'She knew that she was being inspected closely, but, secure in the efficiency of her disguise, this fact troubled her not at all.'
Actual:   'Sheknewthatshewasbeinginspectedclosely,but,secureintheefficiencyofherdisguise,thisfacttroubledhernotatall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2169:
Input:    'at length the man seemed satisfied.'
Expected: 'At length the man seemed satisfied.'
Actual:   'Atlengththemanseemedsatisfied.'
Type: Other error

Error #2170:
Input:    '"vid hom do you vish to spik?" he queried deferentially.'
Expected: '"Vid hom do you vish to spik?" he queried deferentially.'
Actual:   '``vidhomdoyouvishtospik?'' Hequerieddeferentially.'
Type: Other error

Error #2171:
Input:    'this was a development which she had not had time to reckon with, but her brain moved fast, and she covered up her slight hesitation by striking a match and lighting her cigarette before replying.'
Expected: 'This was a development which she had not had time to reckon with, but her brain moved fast, and she covered up her slight hesitation by striking a match and lighting her cigarette before replying.'
Actual:   'Thiswasadevelopmentwhichshehadnothadtimetoreckonwith,butherbrainmovedfast,andshecoveredupherslighthesitationbystrikingamatchandlightinghercigarettebeforereplying.'
Type: Other error

Error #2172:
Input:    '"is prester john here?" she asked.'
Expected: '"Is Prester John here?" she asked.'
Actual:   '``ispresterjohnhere?'' Sheasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2173:
Input:    'she was bluffing desperately on the fragmentary and secondhand knowledge of joe blaythwayt, and prayed that prester john might be absent.'
Expected: 'She was bluffing desperately on the fragmentary and secondhand knowledge of Joe Blaythwayt, and prayed that Prester John might be absent.'
Actual:   'Shewasbluffingdesperatelyonthefragmentaryandsecondhandknowledgeofjoeblaythwayt,andprayedthatpresterjohnmightbeabsent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2174:
Input:    'even if he was there, however, she had her plan mapped out by this time, and she knew her escape was certain--which it assuredly was not if prester john were away and she went on with her attempt as she had planned.'
Expected: 'Even if he was there, however, she had her plan mapped out by this time, and she knew her escape was certain--which it assuredly was not if Prester John were away and she went on with her attempt as she had planned.'
Actual:   'Evenifhewasthere,however,shehadherplanmappedoutbythistime,andsheknewherescapewascertain -- whichitassuredlywasnotifpresterjohnwereawayandshewentonwithherattemptasshehadplanned.'
Type: Other error

Error #2175:
Input:    '"i vill see," said the man, and she braced herself up to the knowledge that it was now a case of no retreat, no retreat....'
Expected: '"I vill see," said the man, and she braced herself up to the knowledge that it was now a case of no retreat, no retreat....'
Actual:   '``ivillsee,''saidtheman,andshebracedherselfuptotheknowledgethatitwasnowacaseofnoretreat,noretreat....'
Type: Other error

Error #2176:
Input:    '"you haf not been 'ere before?" "no.'
Expected: '"You haf not been 'ere before?" "No.'
Actual:   '``youhafnotbeen'erebefore?'' ``no.'
Type: Other error

Error #2177:
Input:    'i'm always with the chief." "ze cheef, _hein_?'
Expected: 'I'm always with the Chief." "Ze Cheef, _hein_?'
Actual:   'I'malwayswiththechief.'' ``zecheef,_hein_?'
Type: Other error

Error #2178:
Input:    'a graate man, but he hass not enof time for ze ladies, _non_?" he leered at her, and for a moment she dreaded that he might have penetrated her make-up.'
Expected: 'A graate man, but he hass not enof time for ze ladies, _non_?" He leered at her, and for a moment she dreaded that he might have penetrated her make-up.'
Actual:   'Agraateman,buthehassnotenoftimeforzeladies,_non_?'' Heleeredather,andforamomentshedreadedthathemighthavepenetratedhermake-up.'
Type: Other error

Error #2179:
Input:    'and then she realised that he took her for a lad of his own type and leanings, and she smiled.'
Expected: 'And then she realised that he took her for a lad of his own type and leanings, and she smiled.'
Actual:   'Andthensherealisedthathetookherforaladofhisowntypeandleanings,andshesmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2180:
Input:    'what was more, she entered her part so thoroughly and she permitted herself a coarse reply which would have sent the simple joe, had he been there to hear, purple to the ears.'
Expected: 'What was more, she entered her part so thoroughly and she permitted herself a coarse reply which would have sent the simple Joe, had he been there to hear, purple to the ears.'
Actual:   'Whatwasmore,sheenteredherpartsothoroughlyandshepermittedherselfacoarsereplywhichwouldhavesentthesimplejoe,hadhebeentheretohear,purpletotheears.'
Type: Other error

Error #2181:
Input:    '"in zat room"---he jerked his thumb--"you vill find friends.'
Expected: '"In zat room"---he jerked his thumb--"you vill find friends.'
Actual:   '``inzatroom'' -- -hejerkedhisthumb -- ''youvillfindfriends.'
Type: Other error

Error #2182:
Input:    'i vill present you." "right you are," she agreed gruffly.'
Expected: 'I vill present you." "Right you are," she agreed gruffly.'
Actual:   'Ivillpresentyou.'' ``rightyouare,''sheagreedgruffly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2183:
Input:    '"oh, listen.'
Expected: '"Oh, listen.'
Actual:   '``oh,listen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2184:
Input:    'if john isn't here, you needn't bother to tell me.'
Expected: 'If John isn't here, you needn't bother to tell me.'
Actual:   'Ifjohnisn'there,youneedn'tbothertotellme.'
Type: Other error

Error #2185:
Input:    'just send him along as soon as he arrives.'
Expected: 'Just send him along as soon as he arrives.'
Actual:   'Justsendhimalongassoonashearrives.'
Type: Other error

Error #2186:
Input:    'the chief wants him in a hurry.'
Expected: 'The Chief wants him in a hurry.'
Actual:   'Thechiefwantshiminahurry.'
Type: Other error

Error #2187:
Input:    'if he doesn't turn up in half an hour i'll have to leave a message and go along and try to find him somewhere else." he nodded, and turned to her as though an idea had struck him.'
Expected: 'If he doesn't turn up in half an hour I'll have to leave a message and go along and try to find him somewhere else." He nodded, and turned to her as though an idea had struck him.'
Actual:   'Ifhedoesn'tturnupinhalfanhouri'llhavetoleaveamessageandgoalongandtrytofindhimsomewhereelse.'' Henodded,andturnedtoherasthoughanideahadstruckhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2188:
Input:    '"zere is somzing beeg an' secret---'ow you say?--in ze air to-night, _n'est-ce-pas_?'
Expected: '"Zere is somzing beeg an' secret---'ow you say?--in ze air to-night, _n'est-ce-pas_?'
Actual:   '``zereissomzingbeegan'secret -- -'owyousay? -- inZeairto-night,_n'est-ce-pas_?'
Type: Other error

Error #2189:
Input:    'you air ze second urgent messenger ve 'ave 'ad.'
Expected: 'You air ze second urgent messenger ve 'ave 'ad.'
Actual:   'Youairzesecondurgentmessengerve'ave'ad.'
Type: Other error

Error #2190:
Input:    'not ten meenits ago zere com a beeg man viz 'urry call for morini, but morini is not yet arrive, so 'e attend him." "there is something in the wind," susan said easily.'
Expected: 'Not ten meenits ago zere com a beeg man viz 'urry call for Morini, but Morini is not yet arrive, so 'e attend him." "There is something in the wind," Susan said easily.'
Actual:   'Nottenmeenitsagozerecomabeegmanviz'urrycallformorini,butmoriniisnotyetarrive,so'eattendhim.'' ``thereissomethinginthewind,''susansaideasily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2191:
Input:    '"but the chief doesn't like questions." the man shook his head.'
Expected: '"But the Chief doesn't like questions." The man shook his head.'
Actual:   '``butthechiefdoesn'tlikequestions.'' Themanshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2192:
Input:    '"somtimes i 'ave fear of 'is secrets.'
Expected: '"Somtimes I 'ave fear of 'is secrets.'
Actual:   '``somtimesi'avefearof'issecrets.'
Type: Other error

Error #2193:
Input:    'even ve do not know quite 'ow beeg are 'is plans.'
Expected: 'Even ve do not know quite 'ow beeg are 'is plans.'
Actual:   'Evenvedonotknowquite'owbeegare'isplans.'
Type: Other error

Error #2194:
Input:    'zere is zis tunnel, now.'
Expected: 'Zere is zis tunnel, now.'
Actual:   'Zereiszistunnel,now.'
Type: Other error

Error #2195:
Input:    'even zose 'oo work do not know vhy for eet ees mak'.'
Expected: 'Even zose 'oo work do not know vhy for eet ees mak'.'
Actual:   'Evenzose'ooworkdonotknowvhyforeeteesmak'.'
Type: Other error

Error #2196:
Input:    'zere ees a new _ingnieur_ down zere now 'oo mak' inspection.'
Expected: 'Zere ees a new _ingnieur_ down zere now 'oo mak' inspection.'
Actual:   'Zereeesanew_ingnieur_downzerenow'oomak'inspection.'
Type: Other error

Error #2197:
Input:    'ze cheef send 'im wizout varning--a clevaire _espagnol_ 'e 'as recruit.'
Expected: 'Ze Cheef send 'im wizout varning--a clevaire _Espagnol_ 'e 'as recruit.'
Actual:   'Zecheefsend'imwizoutvarning -- aclevaire_espagnol_'e'asrecruit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2198:
Input:    '_mais que faire?'
Expected: '_Mais que faire?'
Actual:   '_maisquefaire?'
Type: Other error

Error #2199:
Input:    ''y'a du pse--nous sommes ses esclaves._" the latin's halting speech broke into a torrent of grumbling french, accompanied by much head-shaking and gesticulation.'
Expected: ''Y'a du pse--nous sommes ses esclaves._" The Latin's halting speech broke into a torrent of grumbling French, accompanied by much head-shaking and gesticulation.'
Actual:   ''y'adupse -- noussommessesesclaves._''thelatin'shaltingspeechbrokeintoatorrentofgrumblingfrench,accompaniedbymuchhead-shakingandgesticulation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2200:
Input:    'he was still babbling on volubly as he opened the door he had indicated and waved her in.'
Expected: 'He was still babbling on volubly as he opened the door he had indicated and waved her in.'
Actual:   'Hewasstillbabblingonvolublyasheopenedthedoorhehadindicatedandwavedherin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2201:
Input:    'she found herself in a broad, low-ceilinged room that looked as if it had been rigged up as a doss-house at short notice--which was the fact.'
Expected: 'She found herself in a broad, low-ceilinged room that looked as if it had been rigged up as a doss-house at short notice--which was the fact.'
Actual:   'Shefoundherselfinabroad,low-ceilingedroomthatlookedasifithadbeenriggedupasadoss-houseatshortnotice -- whichwasthefact.'
Type: Other error

Error #2202:
Input:    'around the walls ran a double tier of bunks on which men slept or smoked or read according to temperament, while others carried on a low conversation.'
Expected: 'Around the walls ran a double tier of bunks on which men slept or smoked or read according to temperament, while others carried on a low conversation.'
Actual:   'Aroundthewallsranadoubletierofbunksonwhichmensleptorsmokedorreadaccordingtotemperament,whileotherscarriedonalowconversation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2203:
Input:    'in the centre of the room, under the hanging oil lamp, stood a greasy table about which sat a dozen toughs gambling.'
Expected: 'In the centre of the room, under the hanging oil lamp, stood a greasy table about which sat a dozen toughs gambling.'
Actual:   'Inthecentreoftheroom,underthehangingoillamp,stoodagreasytableaboutwhichsatadozentoughsgambling.'
Type: Other error

Error #2204:
Input:    'the air was thick with smoke and heavy with the nauseating reek of stale beer.'
Expected: 'The air was thick with smoke and heavy with the nauseating reek of stale beer.'
Actual:   'Theairwasthickwithsmokeandheavywiththenauseatingreekofstalebeer.'
Type: Other error

Error #2205:
Input:    'it seemed as if no window had ever been opened upon it.'
Expected: 'It seemed as if no window had ever been opened upon it.'
Actual:   'Itseemedasifnowindowhadeverbeenopeneduponit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2206:
Input:    'few of the men spared her a second glance.'
Expected: 'Few of the men spared her a second glance.'
Actual:   'Fewofthemensparedherasecondglance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2207:
Input:    'the alert silence which had succeeded her entry dissolved into a murmur of talk.'
Expected: 'The alert silence which had succeeded her entry dissolved into a murmur of talk.'
Actual:   'Thealertsilencewhichhadsucceededherentrydissolvedintoamurmuroftalk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2208:
Input:    'she crossed the room to a row of barrels which seemed to do duty for chairs, and sat down, blinking through the smoke which wreathed before her eyes from the dangling fag-end in her mouth.'
Expected: 'She crossed the room to a row of barrels which seemed to do duty for chairs, and sat down, blinking through the smoke which wreathed before her eyes from the dangling fag-end in her mouth.'
Actual:   'Shecrossedtheroomtoarowofbarrelswhichseemedtododutyforchairs,andsatdown,blinkingthroughthesmokewhichwreathedbeforehereyesfromthedanglingfag-endinhermouth.'
Type: Other error

Error #2209:
Input:    'her hand came in contact with a bottle.'
Expected: 'Her hand came in contact with a bottle.'
Actual:   'Herhandcameincontactwithabottle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2210:
Input:    'she picked it up by the neck and drained the small quantity of bitter fluid there was left in the bottom, and set it down again with a clatter, wiping her lips on the back of her hand.'
Expected: 'She picked it up by the neck and drained the small quantity of bitter fluid there was left in the bottom, and set it down again with a clatter, wiping her lips on the back of her hand.'
Actual:   'Shepickeditupbytheneckanddrainedthesmallquantityofbitterfluidtherewasleftinthebottom,andsetitdownagainwithaclatter,wipingherlipsonthebackofherhand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2211:
Input:    'after a while she strolled over to the table.'
Expected: 'After a while she strolled over to the table.'
Actual:   'Afterawhileshestrolledovertothetable.'
Type: Other error

Error #2212:
Input:    'she recognised the game they were playing, and was amazed that they should know it, for thugs of that class do not as a rule patronise monte carlo, and yet they were undoubtedly on familiar terms with chemin-de-fer.'
Expected: 'She recognised the game they were playing, and was amazed that they should know it, for thugs of that class do not as a rule patronise Monte Carlo, and yet they were undoubtedly on familiar terms with chemin-de-fer.'
Actual:   'Sherecognisedthegametheywereplaying,andwasamazedthattheyshouldknowit,forthugsofthatclassdonotasarulepatronisemontecarlo,andyettheywereundoubtedlyonfamiliartermswithchemin-de-fer.'
Type: Other error

Error #2213:
Input:    'while she watched, a burly ruffian in blue jeans swung round and caught her arm.'
Expected: 'While she watched, a burly ruffian in blue jeans swung round and caught her arm.'
Actual:   'Whileshewatched,aburlyruffianinbluejeansswungroundandcaughtherarm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2214:
Input:    '"comin' in on this yer game, cuddy?" he asked.'
Expected: '"Comin' in on this yer game, cuddy?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``comin'inonthisyergame,cuddy?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2215:
Input:    '"don't know it," she answered, playing her part smoothly.'
Expected: '"Don't know it," she answered, playing her part smoothly.'
Actual:   '``don'tknowit,''sheanswered,playingherpartsmoothly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2216:
Input:    '"come on!" he insisted boisterously.'
Expected: '"Come on!" he insisted boisterously.'
Actual:   '``comeon!'' Heinsistedboisterously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2217:
Input:    '"yer c'n learn, same as i 'ad to.'
Expected: '"Yer c'n learn, same as I 'ad to.'
Actual:   '``yerc'nlearn,sameasi'adto.'
Type: Other error

Error #2218:
Input:    'it ain't much of a game, but there's dam' few britishers 'ere an' it soots these bloomin' furriners." she understood then that the cosmopolitan crowd who provided the majority of the gathering in the room were the cause of the departure from the time-honoured gambles of the englishman, and to save trouble she took the place the patriotic tough made for her.'
Expected: 'It ain't much of a game, but there's dam' few Britishers 'ere an' it soots these bloomin' furriners." She understood then that the cosmopolitan crowd who provided the majority of the gathering in the room were the cause of the departure from the time-honoured gambles of the Englishman, and to save trouble she took the place the patriotic tough made for her.'
Actual:   'Itain'tmuchofagame,butthere'sdam'fewbritishers'erean'itsootsthesebloomin'furriners.'' Sheunderstoodthenthatthecosmopolitancrowdwhoprovidedthemajorityofthegatheringintheroomwerethecauseofthedeparturefromthetime-honouredgamblesoftheenglishman,andtosavetroubleshetooktheplacethepatriotictoughmadeforher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2219:
Input:    'it was getting her no farther in her quest, however, except that it gave her time to deduce that the french janitor had not found prester john.'
Expected: 'It was getting her no farther in her quest, however, except that it gave her time to deduce that the French janitor had not found Prester John.'
Actual:   'Itwasgettinghernofartherinherquest,however,exceptthatitgavehertimetodeducethatthefrenchjanitorhadnotfoundpresterjohn.'
Type: Other error

Error #2220:
Input:    'in a few minutes the gamblers were deep in a hated wrangle about the destination of certain stakes, and, taking advantage of the diversion, she slipped from the bench and sidled unostentatiously to the door.'
Expected: 'In a few minutes the gamblers were deep in a hated wrangle about the destination of certain stakes, and, taking advantage of the diversion, she slipped from the bench and sidled unostentatiously to the door.'
Actual:   'Inafewminutesthegamblersweredeepinahatedwrangleaboutthedestinationofcertainstakes,and,takingadvantageofthediversion,sheslippedfromthebenchandsidledunostentatiouslytothedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2221:
Input:    'the passage outside was in darkness, but in a moment a thin pencil of light flicked out from her hand, roving across the walls.'
Expected: 'The passage outside was in darkness, but in a moment a thin pencil of light flicked out from her hand, roving across the walls.'
Actual:   'Thepassageoutsidewasindarkness,butinamomentathinpenciloflightflickedoutfromherhand,rovingacrossthewalls.'
Type: Other error

Error #2222:
Input:    'the man who had admitted her had not entered the doss-room, so she gathered that other rooms were similarly equipped.'
Expected: 'The man who had admitted her had not entered the doss-room, so she gathered that other rooms were similarly equipped.'
Actual:   'Themanwhohadadmittedherhadnotenteredthedoss-room,soshegatheredthatotherroomsweresimilarlyequipped.'
Type: Other error

Error #2223:
Input:    'it would be necessary to proceed warily.'
Expected: 'It would be necessary to proceed warily.'
Actual:   'Itwouldbenecessarytoproceedwarily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2224:
Input:    'directly across the corridor her torch revealed a door like the one through which she had just passed, and, stealing forward, she heard through it a subdued hum of talk.'
Expected: 'Directly across the corridor her torch revealed a door like the one through which she had just passed, and, stealing forward, she heard through it a subdued hum of talk.'
Actual:   'Directlyacrossthecorridorhertorchrevealedadoorliketheonethroughwhichshehadjustpassed,and,stealingforward,sheheardthroughitasubduedhumoftalk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2225:
Input:    'that, at least, was a spot to avoid.'
Expected: 'That, at least, was a spot to avoid.'
Actual:   'That,atleast,wasaspottoavoid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2226:
Input:    'turning to her right, the beam showed that the far end of the passage twisted abruptly to the left, and she crept towards the bend, using the flashlight sparingly.'
Expected: 'Turning to her right, the beam showed that the far end of the passage twisted abruptly to the left, and she crept towards the bend, using the flashlight sparingly.'
Actual:   'Turningtoherright,thebeamshowedthatthefarendofthepassagetwistedabruptlytotheleft,andshecrepttowardsthebend,usingtheflashlightsparingly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2227:
Input:    'round the corner the corridor widened out into a spacious hall.'
Expected: 'Round the corner the corridor widened out into a spacious hall.'
Actual:   'Roundthecornerthecorridorwidenedoutintoaspacioushall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2228:
Input:    'to one side a flight of stone stairs ran upwards; opposite these, another flight ran down into blackness.'
Expected: 'To one side a flight of stone stairs ran upwards; opposite these, another flight ran down into blackness.'
Actual:   'Toonesideaflightofstonestairsranupwards;oppositethese,anotherflightrandownintoblackness.'
Type: Other error

Error #2229:
Input:    'on each side were two doors, and a fifth door faced her--an incongruously elegant portal of polished oak adorned with grotesque carvings and half masked by rich velvet hangings.'
Expected: 'On each side were two doors, and a fifth door faced her--an incongruously elegant portal of polished oak adorned with grotesque carvings and half masked by rich velvet hangings.'
Actual:   'Oneachsideweretwodoors,andafifthdoorfacedher -- anincongruouslyelegantportalofpolishedoakadornedwithgrotesquecarvingsandhalfmaskedbyrichvelvethangings.'
Type: Other error

Error #2230:
Input:    'the soles of her supple shoes made no more than a soft slithering sound on the concrete floor as she moved forward.'
Expected: 'The soles of her supple shoes made no more than a soft slithering sound on the concrete floor as she moved forward.'
Actual:   'Thesolesofhersuppleshoesmadenomorethanasoftslitheringsoundontheconcretefloorasshemovedforward.'
Type: Other error

Error #2231:
Input:    'at the end she paused undecidedly.'
Expected: 'At the end she paused undecidedly.'
Actual:   'Attheendshepausedundecidedly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2232:
Input:    'that fifth door was intriguing; intriguing also, after the janitor's vague references to a tunnel, was the flight of stairs that disappeared in the direction of the vaults.'
Expected: 'That fifth door was intriguing; intriguing also, after the janitor's vague references to a tunnel, was the flight of stairs that disappeared in the direction of the vaults.'
Actual:   'Thatfifthdoorwasintriguing;intriguingalso,afterthejanitor'svaguereferencestoatunnel,wastheflightofstairsthatdisappearedinthedirectionofthevaults.'
Type: Other error

Error #2233:
Input:    'susan solved the problem in a reckless way that would have earned the admiration of smiler: she took a coin from her pocket and held it between her palms.'
Expected: 'Susan solved the problem in a reckless way that would have earned the admiration of Smiler: she took a coin from her pocket and held it between her palms.'
Actual:   'Susansolvedtheprobleminarecklesswaythatwouldhaveearnedtheadmirationofsmiler:shetookacoinfromherpocketandhelditbetweenherpalms.'
Type: Other error

Error #2234:
Input:    '"heads the stairs, tails the door," she murmured, and opened her eyes....'
Expected: '"Heads the stairs, tails the door," she murmured, and opened her eyes....'
Actual:   '``headsthestairs,tailsthedoor,''shemurmured,andopenedhereyes....'
Type: Other error

Error #2235:
Input:    'a whiff of dank, clammy air met her as she felt her way over the first step.'
Expected: 'A whiff of dank, clammy air met her as she felt her way over the first step.'
Actual:   'Awhiffofdank,clammyairmetherasshefeltherwayoverthefirststep.'
Type: Other error

Error #2236:
Input:    'luckily, the stairs were concrete, as was the upward flight, and there was no danger of creaking boards or a rotten tread.'
Expected: 'Luckily, the stairs were concrete, as was the upward flight, and there was no danger of creaking boards or a rotten tread.'
Actual:   'Luckily,thestairswereconcrete,aswastheupwardflight,andtherewasnodangerofcreakingboardsorarottentread.'
Type: Other error

Error #2237:
Input:    'her light showed her a small landing where the direction reversed.'
Expected: 'Her light showed her a small landing where the direction reversed.'
Actual:   'Herlightshowedherasmalllandingwherethedirectionreversed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2238:
Input:    'she took the corner and continued downwards.'
Expected: 'She took the corner and continued downwards.'
Actual:   'Shetookthecornerandcontinueddownwards.'
Type: Other error

Error #2239:
Input:    'the cellars seemed to extend over the whole ground space of the building, most of the weight of which appeared to be taken by a number of massive pillars.'
Expected: 'The cellars seemed to extend over the whole ground space of the building, most of the weight of which appeared to be taken by a number of massive pillars.'
Actual:   'Thecellarsseemedtoextendoverthewholegroundspaceofthebuilding,mostoftheweightofwhichappearedtobetakenbyanumberofmassivepillars.'
Type: Other error

Error #2240:
Input:    'she could only guess at the actual area, for little but the ceiling was visible.'
Expected: 'She could only guess at the actual area, for little but the ceiling was visible.'
Actual:   'Shecouldonlyguessattheactualarea,forlittlebuttheceilingwasvisible.'
Type: Other error

Error #2241:
Input:    'every available cubic inch of space was filled from the floor with great mounds of earth, tightly packed.'
Expected: 'Every available cubic inch of space was filled from the floor with great mounds of earth, tightly packed.'
Actual:   'Everyavailablecubicinchofspacewasfilledfromthefloorwithgreatmoundsofearth,tightlypacked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2242:
Input:    'there must have been tons of it, piled and compressed into stacks.'
Expected: 'There must have been tons of it, piled and compressed into stacks.'
Actual:   'Theremusthavebeentonsofit,piledandcompressedintostacks.'
Type: Other error

Error #2243:
Input:    'all the thoroughfare that remained was a narrow lane which wound between the huge dumps, and these had been buttressed up on either side of the path so that the last fraction of volume might be utilised.'
Expected: 'All the thoroughfare that remained was a narrow lane which wound between the huge dumps, and these had been buttressed up on either side of the path so that the last fraction of volume might be utilised.'
Actual:   'Allthethoroughfarethatremainedwasanarrowlanewhichwoundbetweenthehugedumps,andthesehadbeenbuttresseduponeithersideofthepathsothatthelastfractionofvolumemightbeutilised.'
Type: Other error

Error #2244:
Input:    'down this lane danger lay, for in that insignificant width there was not much chance of avoiding anyone who happened to be coming towards her.'
Expected: 'Down this lane danger lay, for in that insignificant width there was not much chance of avoiding anyone who happened to be coming towards her.'
Actual:   'Downthislanedangerlay,forinthatinsignificantwidththerewasnotmuchchanceofavoidinganyonewhohappenedtobecomingtowardsher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2245:
Input:    'moreover, the path was lighted at intervals by electric bulbs fixed to the side boarding.'
Expected: 'Moreover, the path was lighted at intervals by electric bulbs fixed to the side boarding.'
Actual:   'Moreover,thepathwaslightedatintervalsbyelectricbulbsfixedtothesideboarding.'
Type: Other error

Error #2246:
Input:    'switching off her torch, she transferred her automatic from her hip to her jacket pocket, where it would be quicker to reach, and went on.'
Expected: 'Switching off her torch, she transferred her automatic from her hip to her jacket pocket, where it would be quicker to reach, and went on.'
Actual:   'Switchingoffhertorch,shetransferredherautomaticfromherhiptoherjacketpocket,whereitwouldbequickertoreach,andwenton.'
Type: Other error

Error #2247:
Input:    'there was a silence in that weird cavern, which was accentuated rather than relieved by the dull rumble of the plant overhead.'
Expected: 'There was a silence in that weird cavern, which was accentuated rather than relieved by the dull rumble of the plant overhead.'
Actual:   'Therewasasilenceinthatweirdcavern,whichwasaccentuatedratherthanrelievedbythedullrumbleoftheplantoverhead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2248:
Input:    'that the true purpose of this plant was to provide power she gathered from the insulated cables which snaked along on each side.'
Expected: 'That the true purpose of this plant was to provide power she gathered from the insulated cables which snaked along on each side.'
Actual:   'Thatthetruepurposeofthisplantwastoprovidepowershegatheredfromtheinsulatedcableswhichsnakedalongoneachside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2249:
Input:    'presently a yawning hole, fitfully lighted by bulbs suspended from its earthen roof, confronted her.'
Expected: 'Presently a yawning hole, fitfully lighted by bulbs suspended from its earthen roof, confronted her.'
Actual:   'Presentlyayawninghole,fitfullylightedbybulbssuspendedfromitsearthenroof,confrontedher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2250:
Input:    'so this was the tunnel of which the keeper of the door had spoken.'
Expected: 'So this was the tunnel of which the Keeper of the Door had spoken.'
Actual:   'Sothiswasthetunnelofwhichthekeeperofthedoorhadspoken.'
Type: Other error

Error #2251:
Input:    'she entered it resolutely.'
Expected: 'She entered it resolutely.'
Actual:   'Sheentereditresolutely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2252:
Input:    'the quality of the air had altered subtly: it had taken on a puzzling, faint, acid tang, which she could not account for until she came to the exit.'
Expected: 'The quality of the air had altered subtly: it had taken on a puzzling, faint, acid tang, which she could not account for until she came to the exit.'
Actual:   'Thequalityoftheairhadalteredsubtly:ithadtakenonapuzzling,faint,acidtang,whichshecouldnotaccountforuntilshecametotheexit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2253:
Input:    'she must have travelled three hundred yards before that, and then she noticed that there was only darkness in front, and the bulbs no longer hung from above.'
Expected: 'She must have travelled three hundred yards before that, and then she noticed that there was only darkness in front, and the bulbs no longer hung from above.'
Actual:   'Shemusthavetravelledthreehundredyardsbeforethat,andthenshenoticedthattherewasonlydarknessinfront,andthebulbsnolongerhungfromabove.'
Type: Other error

Error #2254:
Input:    'she switched on her flash again, and a moment later she left the tunnel.'
Expected: 'She switched on her flash again, and a moment later she left the tunnel.'
Actual:   'Sheswitchedonherflashagain,andamomentlatersheleftthetunnel.'
Type: Other error

Error #2255:
Input:    'a blank, tile-faced wall was before her, and she looked from right to left in surprise.'
Expected: 'A blank, tile-faced wall was before her, and she looked from right to left in surprise.'
Actual:   'Ablank,tile-facedwallwasbeforeher,andshelookedfromrighttoleftinsurprise.'
Type: Other error

Error #2256:
Input:    'she was in a second tunnel which ran almost at right angles to the one she had left, and at distances lights hung on the walls.'
Expected: 'She was in a second tunnel which ran almost at right angles to the one she had left, and at distances lights hung on the walls.'
Actual:   'Shewasinasecondtunnelwhichranalmostatrightanglestotheoneshehadleft,andatdistanceslightshungonthewalls.'
Type: Other error

Error #2257:
Input:    'she bent the rays of her torch downwards, and they were reflected by three parallel ribbons of gleaming metal.'
Expected: 'She bent the rays of her torch downwards, and they were reflected by three parallel ribbons of gleaming metal.'
Actual:   'Shebenttheraysofhertorchdownwards,andtheywerereflectedbythreeparallelribbonsofgleamingmetal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2258:
Input:    'and then she understood.'
Expected: 'And then she understood.'
Actual:   'Andthensheunderstood.'
Type: Other error

Error #2259:
Input:    'she was in the tube!'
Expected: 'She was in the Tube!'
Actual:   'Shewasinthetube!'
Type: Other error

Error #2260:
Input:    'chapter xiii interest in "h" making a closer examination with the aid of her flash, she realised her good fortune, for a heavy circular door hung back against the tiling of the tube tunnel.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER XIII INTEREST IN "H" Making a closer examination with the aid of her flash, she realised her good fortune, for a heavy circular door hung back against the tiling of the tube tunnel.'
Actual:   'Chapterxiiiinterestin``h''makingacloserexaminationwiththeaidofherflash,sherealisedhergoodfortune,foraheavycirculardoorhungbackagainstthetilingofthetubetunnel.'
Type: Other error

Error #2261:
Input:    'swinging it cautiously, she found that when closed it fitted snugly into the round gap where the sud-scandinavia burrow debouched into the city and south london railway, so that without a minute study of the surface it was impossible to know that a door existed at all.'
Expected: 'Swinging it cautiously, she found that when closed it fitted snugly into the round gap where the Sud-Scandinavia burrow debouched into the City and South London Railway, so that without a minute study of the surface it was impossible to know that a door existed at all.'
Actual:   'Swingingitcautiously,shefoundthatwhencloseditfittedsnuglyintotheroundgapwherethesud-scandinaviaburrowdebouchedintothecityandsouthlondonrailway,sothatwithoutaminutestudyofthesurfaceitwasimpossibletoknowthatadoorexistedatall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2262:
Input:    'remembering that between the hours of two and five ack emma, when the tube is closed, there are repair gangs moving about its subterranean ways, she realised the necessity for some such camouflage, and guessed that the door had only been left open by an oversight.'
Expected: 'Remembering that between the hours of two and five ack emma, when the Tube is closed, there are repair gangs moving about its subterranean ways, she realised the necessity for some such camouflage, and guessed that the door had only been left open by an oversight.'
Actual:   'Rememberingthatbetweenthehoursoftwoandfiveackemma,whenthetubeisclosed,therearerepairgangsmovingaboutitssubterraneanways,sherealisedthenecessityforsomesuchcamouflage,andguessedthatthedoorhadonlybeenleftopenbyanoversight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2263:
Input:    'scrutinising the inside of it, she found that it was fitted with a strong iron bolt.'
Expected: 'Scrutinising the inside of it, she found that it was fitted with a strong iron bolt.'
Actual:   'Scrutinisingtheinsideofit,shefoundthatitwasfittedwithastrongironbolt.'
Type: Other error

Error #2264:
Input:    'there was nothing to be gained by remaining, and she retraced her steps with all speed.'
Expected: 'There was nothing to be gained by remaining, and she retraced her steps with all speed.'
Actual:   'Therewasnothingtobegainedbyremaining,andsheretracedherstepswithallspeed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2265:
Input:    'on the return journey she noticed that two irregular ruts ran on either side of the earthen floor of the boarded lane.'
Expected: 'On the return journey she noticed that two irregular ruts ran on either side of the earthen floor of the boarded lane.'
Actual:   'Onthereturnjourneyshenoticedthattwoirregularrutsranoneithersideoftheearthenflooroftheboardedlane.'
Type: Other error

Error #2266:
Input:    'some heavy-wheeled vehicle had made that trip frequently, but what it might be she had no notion.'
Expected: 'Some heavy-wheeled vehicle had made that trip frequently, but what it might be she had no notion.'
Actual:   'Someheavy-wheeledvehiclehadmadethattripfrequently,butwhatitmightbeshehadnonotion.'
Type: Other error

Error #2267:
Input:    'as she went, her head was whirling like a ball-race.'
Expected: 'As she went, her head was whirling like a ball-race.'
Actual:   'Asshewent,herheadwaswhirlinglikeaball-race.'
Type: Other error

Error #2268:
Input:    'a clean-cut tunnel down which ran power cables, which came to a dead end in the tube!'
Expected: 'A clean-cut tunnel down which ran power cables, which came to a dead end in the Tube!'
Actual:   'Aclean-cuttunneldownwhichranpowercables,whichcametoadeadendinthetube!'
Type: Other error

Error #2269:
Input:    'the enigma was to her temporarily insoluble, and she had no time to sit down and make a calm, collected study of the facts from all their angles.'
Expected: 'The enigma was to her temporarily insoluble, and she had no time to sit down and make a calm, collected study of the facts from all their angles.'
Actual:   'Theenigmawastohertemporarilyinsoluble,andshehadnotimetositdownandmakeacalm,collectedstudyofthefactsfromalltheirangles.'
Type: Other error

Error #2270:
Input:    'all she knew was that she had stumbled on the trail of something big, and the most imperative thing at that moment was to get clear with her knowledge and pass it on to more brilliant and capable heads.'
Expected: 'All she knew was that she had stumbled on the trail of something big, and the most imperative thing at that moment was to get clear with her knowledge and pass it on to more brilliant and capable heads.'
Actual:   'Allsheknewwasthatshehadstumbledonthetrailofsomethingbig,andthemostimperativethingatthatmomentwastogetclearwithherknowledgeandpassitontomorebrilliantandcapableheads.'
Type: Other error

Error #2271:
Input:    'at least, she would have a short laugh over storm--he would have to admit that even in circumstances of the magnitude of the alpha triangle she had her uses.'
Expected: 'At least, she would have a short laugh over Storm--he would have to admit that even in circumstances of the magnitude of the Alpha Triangle she had her uses.'
Actual:   'Atleast,shewouldhaveashortlaughoverstorm -- hewouldhavetoadmitthatevenincircumstancesofthemagnitudeofthealphatriangleshehadheruses.'
Type: Other error

Error #2272:
Input:    'but, after that brief period of exasperation on the one side and self-congratulation on the other, she had no doubt that storm was the one man to deal with the situation accurately and efficiently.'
Expected: 'But, after that brief period of exasperation on the one side and self-congratulation on the other, she had no doubt that Storm was the one man to deal with the situation accurately and efficiently.'
Actual:   'But,afterthatbriefperiodofexasperationontheonesideandself-congratulationontheother,shehadnodoubtthatstormwastheonemantodealwiththesituationaccuratelyandefficiently.'
Type: Other error

Error #2273:
Input:    'the steel-keen precision of his mind, no less than the steel-strong virility of his physique, brooked no uneasiness on that score.'
Expected: 'The steel-keen precision of his mind, no less than the steel-strong virility of his physique, brooked no uneasiness on that score.'
Actual:   'Thesteel-keenprecisionofhismind,nolessthanthesteel-strongvirilityofhisphysique,brookednouneasinessonthatscore.'
Type: Other error

Error #2274:
Input:    'if she got out, of course, and when....'
Expected: 'If she got out, of course, and when....'
Actual:   'Ifshegotout,ofcourse,andwhen....'
Type: Other error

Error #2275:
Input:    'at the top of the stairs she paused, but it was only a momentary hesitation.'
Expected: 'At the top of the stairs she paused, but it was only a momentary hesitation.'
Actual:   'Atthetopofthestairsshepaused,butitwasonlyamomentaryhesitation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2276:
Input:    'there remained still that intriguing door, and, anyway, she was fairly and squarely in the swim by now.'
Expected: 'There remained still that intriguing door, and, anyway, she was fairly and squarely in the swim by now.'
Actual:   'Thereremainedstillthatintriguingdoor,and,anyway,shewasfairlyandsquarelyintheswimbynow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2277:
Input:    '"when you're in the soup, get all the nourishment out of it you can," was another of smiler's adages, and on it she acted.'
Expected: '"When you're in the soup, get all the nourishment out of it you can," was another of Smiler's adages, and on it she acted.'
Actual:   '``whenyou'reinthesoup,getallthenourishmentoutofityoucan,''wasanotherofsmiler'sadages,andonitsheacted.'
Type: Other error

Error #2278:
Input:    'having commenced the reconnaissance in such style, one might as well conclude it thoroughly.'
Expected: 'Having commenced the reconnaissance in such style, one might as well conclude it thoroughly.'
Actual:   'Havingcommencedthereconnaissanceinsuchstyle,onemightaswellconcludeitthoroughly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2279:
Input:    'the door opened so lightly to her touch that for a second she was suspicious.'
Expected: 'The door opened so lightly to her touch that for a second she was suspicious.'
Actual:   'Thedooropenedsolightlytohertouchthatforasecondshewassuspicious.'
Type: Other error

Error #2280:
Input:    'an instant later she was reproving herself in no uncertain terms for this tentative sign of waning determination, and, taking a grip on the butt of her little automatic, she pushed the door wide and entered.'
Expected: 'An instant later she was reproving herself in no uncertain terms for this tentative sign of waning determination, and, taking a grip on the butt of her little automatic, she pushed the door wide and entered.'
Actual:   'Aninstantlatershewasreprovingherselfinnouncertaintermsforthistentativesignofwaningdetermination,and,takingagriponthebuttofherlittleautomatic,shepushedthedoorwideandentered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2281:
Input:    'and then she had her work cut out to suppress an exclamation.'
Expected: 'And then she had her work cut out to suppress an exclamation.'
Actual:   'Andthenshehadherworkcutouttosuppressanexclamation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2282:
Input:    'the room in which she stood was spacious and roughly square.'
Expected: 'The room in which she stood was spacious and roughly square.'
Actual:   'Theroominwhichshestoodwasspaciousandroughlysquare.'
Type: Other error

Error #2283:
Input:    'the walls were hung from ceiling to floor with luxurious curtains of royal purple velvet embroidered with golden arabesques.'
Expected: 'The walls were hung from ceiling to floor with luxurious curtains of royal purple velvet embroidered with golden arabesques.'
Actual:   'Thewallswerehungfromceilingtofloorwithluxuriouscurtainsofroyalpurplevelvetembroideredwithgoldenarabesques.'
Type: Other error

Error #2284:
Input:    'the orange carpet underfoot had a wealth of soft pile that was indescribably pleasant to tread upon.'
Expected: 'The orange carpet underfoot had a wealth of soft pile that was indescribably pleasant to tread upon.'
Actual:   'Theorangecarpetunderfoothadawealthofsoftpilethatwasindescribablypleasanttotreadupon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2285:
Input:    'a double rank of cushioned chairs ran the length of the room, and a broad gangway paved with costly furs led between them towards the far end.'
Expected: 'A double rank of cushioned chairs ran the length of the room, and a broad gangway paved with costly furs led between them towards the far end.'
Actual:   'Adoublerankofcushionedchairsranthelengthoftheroom,andabroadgangwaypavedwithcostlyfursledbetweenthemtowardsthefarend.'
Type: Other error

Error #2286:
Input:    'the restful half-light which showed her all these things was supplied by three magnificent chandeliers ranged overhead.'
Expected: 'The restful half-light which showed her all these things was supplied by three magnificent chandeliers ranged overhead.'
Actual:   'Therestfulhalf-lightwhichshowedherallthesethingswassuppliedbythreemagnificentchandeliersrangedoverhead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2287:
Input:    'it was a room like nothing she had ever seen or even imagined, something that in its splendour suggested a mingling of the essentials of a temple and of an oriental palace.'
Expected: 'It was a room like nothing she had ever seen or even imagined, something that in its splendour suggested a mingling of the essentials of a temple and of an Oriental palace.'
Actual:   'Itwasaroomlikenothingshehadeverseenorevenimagined,somethingthatinitssplendoursuggestedaminglingoftheessentialsofatempleandofanorientalpalace.'
Type: Other error

Error #2288:
Input:    'it was an outrage at the same time--an outrage against all preconceived standards, against all logic and all norms.'
Expected: 'It was an outrage at the same time--an outrage against all preconceived standards, against all logic and all norms.'
Actual:   'Itwasanoutrageatthesametime -- anoutrageagainstallpreconceivedstandards,againstalllogicandallnorms.'
Type: Other error

Error #2289:
Input:    'it was a concrete paradox that mocked comprehension and yet was fascinating by sheer daring originality.'
Expected: 'It was a concrete paradox that mocked comprehension and yet was fascinating by sheer daring originality.'
Actual:   'Itwasaconcreteparadoxthatmockedcomprehensionandyetwasfascinatingbysheerdaringoriginality.'
Type: Other error

Error #2290:
Input:    'its gorgeous simplicity--its ascetic voluptuousness--its philistine reverence--these were contradictions which numbed understanding and defied criticism.'
Expected: 'Its gorgeous simplicity--its ascetic voluptuousness--its Philistine reverence--these were contradictions which numbed understanding and defied criticism.'
Actual:   'Itsgorgeoussimplicity -- itsasceticvoluptuousness -- itsphilistinereverence -- thesewerecontradictionswhichnumbedunderstandinganddefiedcriticism.'
Type: Other error

Error #2291:
Input:    'dumb with wonder, she simply stared.'
Expected: 'Dumb with wonder, she simply stared.'
Actual:   'Dumbwithwonder,shesimplystared.'
Type: Other error

Error #2292:
Input:    'her awed gaze travelled again and again over every detail, and then she looked at the opposite wall--the one facing the door--towards which she had not yet looked.'
Expected: 'Her awed gaze travelled again and again over every detail, and then she looked at the opposite wall--the one facing the door--towards which she had not yet looked.'
Actual:   'Herawedgazetravelledagainandagainovereverydetail,andthenshelookedattheoppositewall -- theonefacingthedoor -- towardswhichshehadnotyetlooked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2293:
Input:    'and there she saw something which harmonised so perfectly with the atmosphere that it was evident that the room had been designed and decorated to house it, and which at the same time explained the perplexing counter-impressions.'
Expected: 'And there she saw something which harmonised so perfectly with the atmosphere that it was evident that the room had been designed and decorated to house it, and which at the same time explained the perplexing counter-impressions.'
Actual:   'Andthereshesawsomethingwhichharmonisedsoperfectlywiththeatmospherethatitwasevidentthattheroomhadbeendesignedanddecoratedtohouseit,andwhichatthesametimeexplainedtheperplexingcounter-impressions.'
Type: Other error

Error #2294:
Input:    'at that end of the room, facing the banks of seats, was a das hung with black, and in the centre of it stood a huge gilded throne.'
Expected: 'At that end of the room, facing the banks of seats, was a das hung with black, and in the centre of it stood a huge gilded throne.'
Actual:   'Atthatendoftheroom,facingthebanksofseats,wasadashungwithblack,andinthecentreofitstoodahugegildedthrone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2295:
Input:    'and to the right of this throne was the keystone which held the whole architectural monstrosity together and gave its reason and its justification.'
Expected: 'And to the right of this throne was the keystone which held the whole architectural monstrosity together and gave its reason and its justification.'
Actual:   'Andtotherightofthisthronewasthekeystonewhichheldthewholearchitecturalmonstrositytogetherandgaveitsreasonanditsjustification.'
Type: Other error

Error #2296:
Input:    'it was a gigantic equilateral triangle of silver which seemed to be suspended in vacancy without material support, being probably braced by brackets concealed behind the hangings.'
Expected: 'It was a gigantic equilateral triangle of silver which seemed to be suspended in vacancy without material support, being probably braced by brackets concealed behind the hangings.'
Actual:   'Itwasagiganticequilateraltriangleofsilverwhichseemedtobesuspendedinvacancywithoutmaterialsupport,beingprobablybracedbybracketsconcealedbehindthehangings.'
Type: Other error

Error #2297:
Input:    'it must have been fully five feet of base, and in the centre of it was a greek _alpha_, similarly made of silver.'
Expected: 'It must have been fully five feet of base, and in the centre of it was a Greek _alpha_, similarly made of silver.'
Actual:   'Itmusthavebeenfullyfivefeetofbase,andinthecentreofitwasagreek_alpha_,similarlymadeofsilver.'
Type: Other error

Error #2298:
Input:    'she was in the council chamber of the triangle--that exotic room which nothing but the brain of a madman could have visualised and brought to substance--the cathedral of a megalomaniac....'
Expected: 'She was in the council chamber of the Triangle--that exotic room which nothing but the brain of a madman could have visualised and brought to substance--the cathedral of a megalomaniac....'
Actual:   'Shewasinthecouncilchamberofthetriangle -- thatexoticroomwhichnothingbutthebrainofamadmancouldhavevisualisedandbroughttosubstance -- thecathedralofamegalomaniac....'
Type: Other error

Error #2299:
Input:    'and then she saw something else, which up to then had not caught her eye, for the shadows at that end of the room were deeper and the interior of the throne itself was shrouded in gloom.'
Expected: 'And then she saw something else, which up to then had not caught her eye, for the shadows at that end of the room were deeper and the interior of the throne itself was shrouded in gloom.'
Actual:   'Andthenshesawsomethingelse,whichuptothenhadnotcaughthereye,fortheshadowsatthatendoftheroomweredeeperandtheinteriorofthethroneitselfwasshroudedingloom.'
Type: Other error

Error #2300:
Input:    'but he moved, and she saw him--the man who lounged on the throne--and then he spoke.'
Expected: 'But he moved, and she saw him--the man who lounged on the throne--and then he spoke.'
Actual:   'Buthemoved,andshesawhim -- themanwholoungedonthethrone -- andthenhespoke.'
Type: Other error

Error #2301:
Input:    '"hullo, susan--what do you want?" her eyes dilated, for although the figure and face of the man were the figure and face of the tousled scoundrel who had invited her to play _chemin-de-fer_, the voice was the voice of joe blaythwayt.'
Expected: '"Hullo, Susan--what do you want?" Her eyes dilated, for although the figure and face of the man were the figure and face of the tousled scoundrel who had invited her to play _chemin-de-fer_, the voice was the voice of Joe Blaythwayt.'
Actual:   '``hullo,susan -- whatdoyouwant?'' Hereyesdilated,foralthoughthefigureandfaceofthemanwerethefigureandfaceofthetousledscoundrelwhohadinvitedhertoplay_chemin-de-fer_,thevoicewasthevoiceofjoeblaythwayt.'
Type: Other error

Error #2302:
Input:    '"uncle--joe?" she breathed.'
Expected: '"Uncle--Joe?" she breathed.'
Actual:   '``uncle -- joe?'' Shebreathed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2303:
Input:    'he lumbered ponderously off the das and came towards her.'
Expected: 'He lumbered ponderously off the das and came towards her.'
Actual:   'Helumberedponderouslyoffthedasandcametowardsher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2304:
Input:    '"i recognised you in that other room," he said, "and i've been looking for you.'
Expected: '"I recognised you in that other room," he said, "and I've been looking for you.'
Actual:   '``irecognisedyouinthatotherroom,''hesaid,``andi'vebeenlookingforyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #2305:
Input:    'what on earth did you want to come here for?" "what did you want to come for?" she parried.'
Expected: 'What on earth did you want to come here for?" "What did you want to come for?" she parried.'
Actual:   'Whatonearthdidyouwanttocomeherefor?'' ``whatdidyouwanttocomefor?'' Sheparried.'
Type: Other error

Error #2306:
Input:    'he waved a hand.'
Expected: 'He waved a hand.'
Actual:   'Hewavedahand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2307:
Input:    '"men are different," he said grandly.'
Expected: '"Men are Different," he said grandly.'
Actual:   '``menaredifferent,''hesaidgrandly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2308:
Input:    '"how did you get in?'
Expected: '"How did you get in?'
Actual:   '``howdidyougetin?'
Type: Other error

Error #2309:
Input:    'oh, i suppose you were the little devil who pinched my badge?" he wagged a fat forefinger at her.'
Expected: 'Oh, I suppose you were the little devil who pinched my badge?" He wagged a fat forefinger at her.'
Actual:   'Oh,isupposeyouwerethelittledevilwhopinchedmybadge?'' Hewaggedafatforefingerather.'
Type: Other error

Error #2310:
Input:    'i had no end of a job getting in without it." "have you seen the tunnel?" she asked.'
Expected: 'I had no end of a job getting in without it." "Have you seen the tunnel?" she asked.'
Actual:   'Ihadnoendofajobgettinginwithoutit.'' ``haveyouseenthetunnel?'' Sheasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2311:
Input:    '"only a bit of it.'
Expected: '"Only a bit of it.'
Actual:   '``onlyabitofit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2312:
Input:    'i was exploring down there when i heard someone padding towards me, and beat it back.'
Expected: 'I was exploring down there when I heard someone padding towards me, and beat it back.'
Actual:   'Iwasexploringdowntherewheniheardsomeonepaddingtowardsme,andbeatitback.'
Type: Other error

Error #2313:
Input:    'it must have been you.'
Expected: 'It must have been you.'
Actual:   'Itmusthavebeenyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #2314:
Input:    'that's interesting.'
Expected: 'That's interesting.'
Actual:   'That'sinteresting.'
Type: Other error

Error #2315:
Input:    'where does it go to?" "i haven't the foggiest." her amazement abated, she took command of the situation automatically.'
Expected: 'Where does it go to?" "I haven't the foggiest." Her amazement abated, she took command of the situation automatically.'
Actual:   'Wheredoesitgoto?'' ``ihaven'tthefoggiest.'' Heramazementabated,shetookcommandofthesituationautomatically.'
Type: Other error

Error #2316:
Input:    '"what we've got to do is to get out of here quick, and talk afterwards.'
Expected: '"What we've got to do is to get out of here quick, and talk afterwards.'
Actual:   '``whatwe'vegottodoistogetoutofherequick,andtalkafterwards.'
Type: Other error

Error #2317:
Input:    'storm's got to hear of this at once." "and teal," put in blaythwayt loyally.'
Expected: 'Storm's got to hear of this at once." "And Teal," put in Blaythwayt loyally.'
Actual:   'Storm'sgottohearofthisatonce.'' ``andteal,''putinblaythwaytloyally.'
Type: Other error

Error #2318:
Input:    '"and teal, if you like.'
Expected: '"And Teal, if you like.'
Actual:   '``andteal,ifyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #2319:
Input:    'come along--behind me," she directed impatiently, and the docile joe followed her.'
Expected: 'Come along--behind me," she directed impatiently, and the docile Joe followed her.'
Actual:   'Comealong -- behindme,''shedirectedimpatiently,andthedocilejoefollowedher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2320:
Input:    'they were nearing the door when there came heavy footsteps behind them, and the light of a hand lamp swept the corridor just behind them.'
Expected: 'They were nearing the door when there came heavy footsteps behind them, and the light of a hand lamp swept the corridor just behind them.'
Actual:   'Theywerenearingthedoorwhentherecameheavyfootstepsbehindthem,andthelightofahandlampsweptthecorridorjustbehindthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #2321:
Input:    'there were men talking, also, in a language she did not understand.'
Expected: 'There were men talking, also, in a language she did not understand.'
Actual:   'Therewerementalking,also,inalanguageshedidnotunderstand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2322:
Input:    'blaythwayt stopped in his tracks, apparently frozen with terror, and she gripped his arm.'
Expected: 'Blaythwayt stopped in his tracks, apparently frozen with terror, and she gripped his arm.'
Actual:   'Blaythwaytstoppedinhistracks,apparentlyfrozenwithterror,andshegrippedhisarm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2323:
Input:    '"into that room!" she whispered.'
Expected: '"Into that room!" she whispered.'
Actual:   '``intothatroom!'' Shewhispered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2324:
Input:    '"they know us there." she was opening the door when the approaching rays veered upwards and fell full on herself and the trembling joe.'
Expected: '"They know us there." She was opening the door when the approaching rays veered upwards and fell full on herself and the trembling Joe.'
Actual:   '``theyknowusthere.'' Shewasopeningthedoorwhentheapproachingraysveeredupwardsandfellfullonherselfandthetremblingjoe.'
Type: Other error

Error #2325:
Input:    'a hoarse challenge echoed down the passage.'
Expected: 'A hoarse challenge echoed down the passage.'
Actual:   'Ahoarsechallengeechoeddownthepassage.'
Type: Other error

Error #2326:
Input:    'unconcernedly the girl took her yellow packet of gaspers from her pocket and began to light one as she waited for the men to come up with them.'
Expected: 'Unconcernedly the girl took her yellow packet of gaspers from her pocket and began to light one as she waited for the men to come up with them.'
Actual:   'Unconcernedlythegirltookheryellowpacketofgaspersfromherpocketandbegantolightoneasshewaitedforthementocomeupwiththem.'
Type: Other error

Error #2327:
Input:    'and then, as they arrived and grouped themselves about the door, she returned the box of matches to her right-hand jacket pocket--and kept her hand there.'
Expected: 'And then, as they arrived and grouped themselves about the door, she returned the box of matches to her right-hand jacket pocket--and kept her hand there.'
Actual:   'Andthen,astheyarrivedandgroupedthemselvesaboutthedoor,shereturnedtheboxofmatchestoherright-handjacketpocket -- andkeptherhandthere.'
Type: Other error

Error #2328:
Input:    'the bright light searched their faces.'
Expected: 'The bright light searched their faces.'
Actual:   'Thebrightlightsearchedtheirfaces.'
Type: Other error

Error #2329:
Input:    '"who are you?" demanded a cultured voice with only a slight accent.'
Expected: '"Who are you?" demanded a cultured voice with only a slight accent.'
Actual:   '``whoareyou?'' Demandedaculturedvoicewithonlyaslightaccent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2330:
Input:    '"i don't know you." "i know 'em," said another, and added a few words she could not interpret.'
Expected: '"I don't know you." "I know 'em," said another, and added a few words she could not interpret.'
Actual:   '``idon'tknowyou.'' ``iknow'em,''saidanother,andaddedafewwordsshecouldnotinterpret.'
Type: Other error

Error #2331:
Input:    'the frosted bulb overhead woke to life, and they were relieved of the merciless glare of the interrogator's spotlight.'
Expected: 'The frosted bulb overhead woke to life, and they were relieved of the merciless glare of the interrogator's spotlight.'
Actual:   'Thefrostedbulboverheadwoketolife,andtheywererelievedofthemercilessglareoftheinterrogator'sspotlight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2332:
Input:    'she looked about for the one who had claimed to know them, but none of that dishevelled dozen seemed likely to possess so smooth a voice.'
Expected: 'She looked about for the one who had claimed to know them, but none of that dishevelled dozen seemed likely to possess so smooth a voice.'
Actual:   'Shelookedaboutfortheonewhohadclaimedtoknowthem,butnoneofthatdishevelleddozenseemedlikelytopossesssosmoothavoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2333:
Input:    'and then he spoke again--a man clad only in his trousers and a greasy singlet, who stood half a head above the rest.'
Expected: 'And then he spoke again--a man clad only in his trousers and a greasy singlet, who stood half a head above the rest.'
Actual:   'Andthenhespokeagain -- amancladonlyinhistrousersandagreasysinglet,whostoodhalfaheadabovetherest.'
Type: Other error

Error #2334:
Input:    '"they are special messengers of the apex.'
Expected: '"They are special messengers of the Apex.'
Actual:   '``theyarespecialmessengersoftheapex.'
Type: Other error

Error #2335:
Input:    'who admitted them?" "i did." it was the janitor, whom she had not recognised through the smears of engine oil which disfigured his face, who spoke.'
Expected: 'Who admitted them?" "I did." It was the janitor, whom she had not recognised through the smears of engine oil which disfigured his face, who spoke.'
Actual:   'Whoadmittedthem?'' ``idid.'' Itwasthejanitor,whomshehadnotrecognisedthroughthesmearsofengineoilwhichdisfiguredhisface,whospoke.'
Type: Other error

Error #2336:
Input:    '"zat was 'ow zey zemselves called.'
Expected: '"Zat was 'ow zey zemselves called.'
Actual:   '``zatwas'owzeyzemselvescalled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2337:
Input:    'ze beeg one 'ave ask for morini, and ze mignon for prestaire jean." "that's in order.'
Expected: 'Ze beeg one 'ave ask for Morini, and ze mignon for Prestaire Jean." "That's in order.'
Actual:   'Zebeegone'aveaskformorini,andzemignonforprestairejean.'' ``that'sinorder.'
Type: Other error

Error #2338:
Input:    'john and morini won't be here to-night--i know where to find them.'
Expected: 'John and Morini won't be here to-night--I know where to find them.'
Actual:   'Johnandmoriniwon'tbehereto-night -- iknowwheretofindthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #2339:
Input:    'you'd better go." it was a miracle to susan, for the man's face was unknown to her.'
Expected: 'You'd better go." It was a miracle to Susan, for the man's face was unknown to her.'
Actual:   'You'dbettergo.'' Itwasamiracletosusan,fortheman'sfacewasunknowntoher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2340:
Input:    'and yet there was something vaguely familiar about the cast of it.'
Expected: 'And yet there was something vaguely familiar about the cast of it.'
Actual:   'Andyettherewassomethingvaguelyfamiliaraboutthecastofit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2341:
Input:    'just that indefinable carriage of the broad shoulders, the lithe swing of the powerful arms--and yet the lank, oily black hair struck no chord in her memory.'
Expected: 'Just that indefinable carriage of the broad shoulders, the lithe swing of the powerful arms--and yet the lank, oily black hair struck no chord in her memory.'
Actual:   'Justthatindefinablecarriageofthebroadshoulders,thelitheswingofthepowerfularms -- andyetthelank,oilyblackhairstrucknochordinhermemory.'
Type: Other error

Error #2342:
Input:    'she looked at his eyes more closely...'
Expected: 'She looked at his eyes more closely...'
Actual:   'Shelookedathiseyesmoreclosely...'
Type: Other error

Error #2343:
Input:    '_gun-metal grey_....'
Expected: '_gun-metal grey_....'
Actual:   '_gun-metalgrey_....'
Type: Other error

Error #2344:
Input:    'surely only one man in the world had eyes of the curious tint, and, taken with the other resemblances in poise of head and general bearing....'
Expected: 'Surely only one man in the world had eyes of the curious tint, and, taken with the other resemblances in poise of head and general bearing....'
Actual:   'Surelyonlyonemanintheworldhadeyesofthecurioustint,and,takenwiththeotherresemblancesinpoiseofheadandgeneralbearing....'
Type: Other error

Error #2345:
Input:    'he met her gaze calmly, and she could have sworn that the flicker of a smile feinted at the corners of his mouth.'
Expected: 'He met her gaze calmly, and she could have sworn that the flicker of a smile feinted at the corners of his mouth.'
Actual:   'Hemethergazecalmly,andshecouldhaveswornthattheflickerofasmilefeintedatthecornersofhismouth.'
Type: Other error

Error #2346:
Input:    '"i'll go with you, if you like to wait a minute," he said.'
Expected: '"I'll go with you, if you like to wait a minute," he said.'
Actual:   '``i'llgowithyou,ifyouliketowaitaminute,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2347:
Input:    '"i'll just get my coat." a few seconds later he was back, folding a scarf round his bare throat and buttoning his coat tightly around it.'
Expected: '"I'll just get my coat." A few seconds later he was back, folding a scarf round his bare throat and buttoning his coat tightly around it.'
Actual:   '``i'lljustgetmycoat.'' Afewsecondslaterhewasback,foldingascarfroundhisbarethroatandbuttoninghiscoattightlyaroundit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2348:
Input:    'only one man returned with him, as if receiving his final instructions, and now that she had caught an answering "_si seor_," she gathered that they were speaking in spanish.'
Expected: 'Only one man returned with him, as if receiving his final instructions, and now that she had caught an answering "_Si seor_," she gathered that they were speaking in Spanish.'
Actual:   'Onlyonemanreturnedwithhim,asifreceivinghisfinalinstructions,andnowthatshehadcaughtananswering``_siseor_,''shegatheredthattheywerespeakinginspanish.'
Type: Other error

Error #2349:
Input:    'the man unbarred the front door for them, and they passed out, storm going last.'
Expected: 'The man unbarred the front door for them, and they passed out, Storm going last.'
Actual:   'Themanunbarredthefrontdoorforthem,andtheypassedout,stormgoinglast.'
Type: Other error

Error #2350:
Input:    'a curt exchange of "_buenos noches_," and the bolts slithered home on the inside.'
Expected: 'A curt exchange of "_Buenos noches_," and the bolts slithered home on the inside.'
Actual:   'Acurtexchangeof``_buenosnoches_,''andtheboltsslitheredhomeontheinside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2351:
Input:    'storm led them briskly to the corner of the block and halted.'
Expected: 'Storm led them briskly to the corner of the block and halted.'
Actual:   'Stormledthembrisklytothecorneroftheblockandhalted.'
Type: Other error

Error #2352:
Input:    '"now," he ordered, "you can get in a taxi and go home, and thank your gods you're going to bed alive!" "there's a tunnel," joe began excitedly, but storm cut him short.'
Expected: '"Now," he ordered, "you can get in a taxi and go home, and thank your gods you're going to bed alive!" "There's a tunnel," Joe began excitedly, but Storm cut him short.'
Actual:   '``now,''heordered,``youcangetinataxiandgohome,andthankyourgodsyou'regoingtobedalive!'' ``there'satunnel,''joebeganexcitedly,butstormcuthimshort.'
Type: Other error

Error #2353:
Input:    '"i know all about the tunnel, and about the synthetic mosque, and about the power plant, _and_ about the doss-house crew, and about the arsenal," was his categorical retort.'
Expected: '"I know all about the tunnel, and about the synthetic mosque, and about the power plant, _and_ about the doss-house crew, and about the arsenal," was his categorical retort.'
Actual:   '``iknowallaboutthetunnel,andaboutthesyntheticmosque,andaboutthepowerplant,_and_aboutthedoss-housecrew,andaboutthearsenal,''washiscategoricalretort.'
Type: Other error

Error #2354:
Input:    '"i also know that there isn't going to be a second battle of sidney street if i can help it.'
Expected: '"I also know that there isn't going to be a second Battle of Sidney Street if I can help it.'
Actual:   '``ialsoknowthatthereisn'tgoingtobeasecondbattleofsidneystreetificanhelpit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2355:
Input:    'our separate bluffs may be shown up at any moment, and then there'll be hell to pay!'
Expected: 'Our separate bluffs may be shown up at any moment, and then there'll be Hell to pay!'
Actual:   'Ourseparatebluffsmaybeshownupatanymoment,andthenthere'llbehelltopay!'
Type: Other error

Error #2356:
Input:    'i've got to get busy, and you'll hinder me.'
Expected: 'I've got to get busy, and you'll hinder me.'
Actual:   'I'vegottogetbusy,andyou'llhinderme.'
Type: Other error

Error #2357:
Input:    'step on it!" "but can't i stay and see the----" "nope!'
Expected: 'Step on it!" "But can't I stay and see the----" "Nope!'
Actual:   'Steponit!'' ``butcan'tistayandseethe --  -- ''``nope!'
Type: Other error

Error #2358:
Input:    'vamos!" joe looked hurt.'
Expected: 'Vamos!" Joe looked hurt.'
Actual:   'Vamos!'' Joelookedhurt.'
Type: Other error

Error #2359:
Input:    '"this is the first time i've ever been near any excitement," he protested weakly.'
Expected: '"This is the first time I've ever been near any excitement," he protested weakly.'
Actual:   '``thisisthefirsttimei'veeverbeennearanyexcitement,''heprotestedweakly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2360:
Input:    '"_get--in--a--taxi--and--beat it_," snarled storm, and blaythwayt moved aggrievedly away.'
Expected: '"_Get--in--a--taxi--and--beat it_," snarled Storm, and Blaythwayt moved aggrievedly away.'
Actual:   '``_get -- in -- a -- taxi -- and -- beatit_,''snarledstorm,andblaythwaytmovedaggrievedlyaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #2361:
Input:    'the girl had watched this brief encounter in amusement blended with annoyance.'
Expected: 'The girl had watched this brief encounter in amusement blended with annoyance.'
Actual:   'Thegirlhadwatchedthisbriefencounterinamusementblendedwithannoyance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2362:
Input:    'after all, it was only luck that had put storm on the spot at the same time as herself, and it wasn't fair.'
Expected: 'After all, it was only luck that had put Storm on the spot at the same time as herself, and it wasn't fair.'
Actual:   'Afterall,itwasonlyluckthathadputstormonthespotatthesametimeasherself,anditwasn'tfair.'
Type: Other error

Error #2363:
Input:    'she had taken exactly the same risks as if he had been a hundred miles away, and she wasn't going to be cheated out of her reward.'
Expected: 'She had taken exactly the same risks as if he had been a hundred miles away, and she wasn't going to be cheated out of her reward.'
Actual:   'Shehadtakenexactlythesamerisksasifhehadbeenahundredmilesaway,andshewasn'tgoingtobecheatedoutofherreward.'
Type: Other error

Error #2364:
Input:    '"all right--we'll beat it," she said defiantly.'
Expected: '"All right--we'll beat it," she said defiantly.'
Actual:   '``allright -- we'llbeatit,''shesaiddefiantly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2365:
Input:    '"but we'll come back!" "let me see you, and you'll spend the night in a police station!" storm flung at them over his shoulder as he strode away.'
Expected: '"But we'll come back!" "Let me see you, and you'll spend the night in a police station!" Storm flung at them over his shoulder as he strode away.'
Actual:   '``butwe'llcomeback!'' ``letmeseeyou,andyou'llspendthenightinapolicestation!'' Stormflungatthemoverhisshoulderashestrodeaway.'
Type: Other error

Error #2366:
Input:    'from the custom house he phoned the nearest division and rapped out his requirements in terse, staccato sentences.'
Expected: 'From the Custom House he phoned the nearest Division and rapped out his requirements in terse, staccato sentences.'
Actual:   'Fromthecustomhousehephonedthenearestdivisionandrappedouthisrequirementsinterse,staccatosentences.'
Type: Other error

Error #2367:
Input:    'then he got through to the yard, and tried to get inspector teal, but teal, tired of waiting, had gone home to bed.'
Expected: 'Then he got through to the Yard, and tried to get Inspector Teal, but Teal, tired of waiting, had gone home to bed.'
Actual:   'Thenhegotthroughtotheyard,andtriedtogetinspectorteal,butteal,tiredofwaiting,hadgonehometobed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2368:
Input:    'storm called a third number, and presently the detective's drowsy grumble answered him.'
Expected: 'Storm called a third number, and presently the detective's drowsy grumble answered him.'
Actual:   'Stormcalledathirdnumber,andpresentlythedetective'sdrowsygrumbleansweredhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2369:
Input:    '"come right down to the sud-scandinavia sawmill in lower thames street," he directed.'
Expected: '"Come right down to the Sud-Scandinavia Sawmill in Lower Thames Street," he directed.'
Actual:   '``comerightdowntothesud-scandinaviasawmillinlowerthamesstreet,''hedirected.'
Type: Other error

Error #2370:
Input:    '"there's going to be fun!" "is that raegenssen's place?" teal's voice took on a more alert note.'
Expected: '"There's going to be fun!" "Is that Raegenssen's place?" Teal's voice took on a more alert note.'
Actual:   '``there'sgoingtobefun!'' ``isthatraegenssen'splace?'' Teal'svoicetookonamorealertnote.'
Type: Other error

Error #2371:
Input:    'i've sent a man round to take him, though i doubt if olaf's still rooted in finchley.'
Expected: 'I've sent a man round to take him, though I doubt if Olaf's still rooted in Finchley.'
Actual:   'I'vesentamanroundtotakehim,thoughidoubtifolaf'sstillrootedinfinchley.'
Type: Other error

Error #2372:
Input:    'flying squad and all divisional reserves are on their way.'
Expected: 'Flying Squad and all divisional reserves are on their way.'
Actual:   'Flyingsquadandalldivisionalreservesareontheirway.'
Type: Other error

Error #2373:
Input:    'bring a gun.'
Expected: 'Bring a gun.'
Actual:   'Bringagun.'
Type: Other error

Error #2374:
Input:    'the mill's like a fort, and there's over a hundred roughnecks inside.'
Expected: 'The mill's like a fort, and there's over a hundred roughnecks inside.'
Actual:   'Themill'slikeafort,andthere'soverahundredroughnecksinside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2375:
Input:    'now burn the roads!" in less than half an hour the first detachment of urgently summoned men had arrived, and thereafter reinforcements kept coming in batches--broad-shouldered, phlegmatic men who took the unusual circumstances with great philosophy, as though it were merely a slight deviation from routine.'
Expected: 'Now burn the roads!" In less than half an hour the first detachment of urgently summoned men had arrived, and thereafter reinforcements kept coming in batches--broad-shouldered, phlegmatic men who took the unusual circumstances with great philosophy, as though it were merely a slight deviation from routine.'
Actual:   'Nowburntheroads!'' Inlessthanhalfanhourthefirstdetachmentofurgentlysummonedmenhadarrived,andthereafterreinforcementskeptcominginbatches -- broad-shouldered,phlegmaticmenwhotooktheunusualcircumstanceswithgreatphilosophy,asthoughitweremerelyaslightdeviationfromroutine.'
Type: Other error

Error #2376:
Input:    'some were in uniform--these had been hurriedly called in from minor duties--the rest were in plain clothes.'
Expected: 'Some were in uniform--these had been hurriedly called in from minor duties--the rest were in plain clothes.'
Actual:   'Somewereinuniform -- thesehadbeenhurriedlycalledinfromminorduties -- therestwereinplainclothes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2377:
Input:    'all were armed, in accordance with storm's telephoned warning.'
Expected: 'All were armed, in accordance with Storm's telephoned warning.'
Actual:   'Allwerearmed,inaccordancewithstorm'stelephonedwarning.'
Type: Other error

Error #2378:
Input:    'knowing that precipitancy might be fatal, he waited until he had mustered a hundred men.'
Expected: 'Knowing that precipitancy might be fatal, he waited until he had mustered a hundred men.'
Actual:   'Knowingthatprecipitancymightbefatal,hewaiteduntilhehadmusteredahundredmen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2379:
Input:    'seventy of these he told off to draw an inconspicuous cordon round the whole block, and thirty he sent down to cover the tube bolt-hole at london bridge station.'
Expected: 'Seventy of these he told off to draw an inconspicuous cordon round the whole block, and thirty he sent down to cover the Tube bolt-hole at London Bridge Station.'
Actual:   'Seventyofthesehetoldofftodrawaninconspicuouscordonroundthewholeblock,andthirtyhesentdowntocoverthetubebolt-holeatlondonbridgestation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2380:
Input:    'a batch of twenty of the flying squad arriving in a van at that moment, he sent them on to occupy a similar position at bank station.'
Expected: 'A batch of twenty of the Flying Squad arriving in a van at that moment, he sent them on to occupy a similar position at Bank Station.'
Actual:   'Abatchoftwentyoftheflyingsquadarrivinginavanatthatmoment,hesentthemontooccupyasimilarpositionatbankstation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2381:
Input:    'the mention of the word flashed a blaze of inspiration across his mind.'
Expected: 'The mention of the word flashed a blaze of inspiration across his mind.'
Actual:   'Thementionofthewordflashedablazeofinspirationacrosshismind.'
Type: Other error

Error #2382:
Input:    '"bank!" he repeated to himself.'
Expected: '"Bank!" he repeated to himself.'
Actual:   '``bank!'' Herepeatedtohimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2383:
Input:    '"jerusalem, what a man!" it would be some time before the men could take up their stations, and he filled in the period of inaction by smoking a cigarette with calm enjoyment, and discussing the probable result of a local bye-election with a night watchman.'
Expected: '"Jerusalem, what a man!" It would be some time before the men could take up their stations, and he filled in the period of inaction by smoking a cigarette with calm enjoyment, and discussing the probable result of a local bye-election with a night watchman.'
Actual:   '``jerusalem,whataman!'' Itwouldbesometimebeforethemencouldtakeuptheirstations,andhefilledintheperiodofinactionbysmokingacigarettewithcalmenjoyment,anddiscussingtheprobableresultofalocalbye-electionwithanightwatchman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2384:
Input:    'on the stroke of 3.45 he trod out his cigarette end, bade the watchman a cheery good-night, and made a supplementary disposition of the men who had reached the custom house in the meanwhile.'
Expected: 'On the stroke of 3.45 he trod out his cigarette end, bade the watchman a cheery good-night, and made a supplementary disposition of the men who had reached the Custom House in the meanwhile.'
Actual:   'Onthestrokeof3.45hetrodouthiscigaretteend,badethewatchmanacheerygood-night,andmadeasupplementarydispositionofthemenwhohadreachedthecustomhouseinthemeanwhile.'
Type: Other error

Error #2385:
Input:    'he was just leaving when inspector teal dashed up in a taxi, the disarray of his attire testifying to the haste of his start.'
Expected: 'He was just leaving when Inspector Teal dashed up in a taxi, the disarray of his attire testifying to the haste of his start.'
Actual:   'Hewasjustleavingwheninspectortealdashedupinataxi,thedisarrayofhisattiretestifyingtothehasteofhisstart.'
Type: Other error

Error #2386:
Input:    '"in time?" queried that officer swiftly, and storm nodded.'
Expected: '"In time?" queried that officer swiftly, and Storm nodded.'
Actual:   '``intime?'' Queriedthatofficerswiftly,andstormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2387:
Input:    '"to the tick.'
Expected: '"To the tick.'
Actual:   '``tothetick.'
Type: Other error

Error #2388:
Input:    'we are now going into action." they walked together to raegenssen's block.'
Expected: 'We are now going into action." They walked together to Raegenssen's block.'
Actual:   'Wearenowgoingintoaction.'' Theywalkedtogethertoraegenssen'sblock.'
Type: Other error

Error #2389:
Input:    'it was just getting light.'
Expected: 'It was just getting light.'
Actual:   'Itwasjustgettinglight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2390:
Input:    'storm paused before the door and lighted another cigarette.'
Expected: 'Storm paused before the door and lighted another cigarette.'
Actual:   'Stormpausedbeforethedoorandlightedanothercigarette.'
Type: Other error

Error #2391:
Input:    'then he jerked back the jacket of his automatic, slipped the safety catch, and pushed teal to one side.'
Expected: 'Then he jerked back the jacket of his automatic, slipped the safety catch, and pushed Teal to one side.'
Actual:   'Thenhejerkedbackthejacketofhisautomatic,slippedthesafetycatch,andpushedtealtooneside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2392:
Input:    '"no use both of us being shot up," he said, and pressed the bell.'
Expected: '"No use both of us being shot up," he said, and pressed the bell.'
Actual:   '``nousebothofusbeingshotup,''hesaid,andpressedthebell.'
Type: Other error

Error #2393:
Input:    'this time there was little delay.'
Expected: 'This time there was little delay.'
Actual:   'Thistimetherewaslittledelay.'
Type: Other error

Error #2394:
Input:    'the muffled foot-steps of the french janitor came down the passage; the three-inch bars swished back in their steel grooves; the lock clicked.'
Expected: 'The muffled foot-steps of the French janitor came down the passage; the three-inch bars swished back in their steel grooves; the lock clicked.'
Actual:   'Themuffledfoot-stepsofthefrenchjanitorcamedownthepassage;thethree-inchbarsswishedbackintheirsteelgrooves;thelockclicked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2395:
Input:    'as before, the door swung back a bare, suspicious two inches.'
Expected: 'As before, the door swung back a bare, suspicious two inches.'
Actual:   'Asbefore,thedoorswungbackabare,suspicioustwoinches.'
Type: Other error

Error #2396:
Input:    'storm moved so that the light from the gas jet overhead fell across his face, and the door opened wider as the man recognised him.'
Expected: 'Storm moved so that the light from the gas jet overhead fell across his face, and the door opened wider as the man recognised him.'
Actual:   'Stormmovedsothatthelightfromthegasjetoverheadfellacrosshisface,andthedooropenedwiderasthemanrecognisedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2397:
Input:    'storm pushed into the gap, blocking the door open with his foot.'
Expected: 'Storm pushed into the gap, blocking the door open with his foot.'
Actual:   'Stormpushedintothegap,blockingthedooropenwithhisfoot.'
Type: Other error

Error #2398:
Input:    'the surprised janitor felt a sinewy hand grasp his windpipe caressingly, and a menace he understood equally well glinted before his eyes.'
Expected: 'The surprised janitor felt a sinewy hand grasp his windpipe caressingly, and a menace he understood equally well glinted before his eyes.'
Actual:   'Thesurprisedjanitorfeltasinewyhandgrasphiswindpipecaressingly,andamenaceheunderstoodequallywellglintedbeforehiseyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2399:
Input:    '"_sois sage--et vis!_" hissed storm in his ear, and the man signified his acceptance of this advice.'
Expected: '"_Sois sage--et vis!_" hissed Storm in his ear, and the man signified his acceptance of this advice.'
Actual:   '``_soissage -- etvis!_''hissedstorminhisear,andthemansignifiedhisacceptanceofthisadvice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2400:
Input:    'he was handed back to mr.'
Expected: 'He was handed back to Mr.'
Actual:   'HewashandedbacktoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2401:
Input:    'teal, who in turn passed him on to a bulky shadow which rose from the ground.'
Expected: 'Teal, who in turn passed him on to a bulky shadow which rose from the ground.'
Actual:   'Teal,whointurnpassedhimontoabulkyshadowwhichrosefromtheground.'
Type: Other error

Error #2402:
Input:    'storm, with teal hard on his heels, led the way into the building, and a number of dim shapes materialised from the adjoining alley and followed them.'
Expected: 'Storm, with Teal hard on his heels, led the way into the building, and a number of dim shapes materialised from the adjoining alley and followed them.'
Actual:   'Storm,withtealhardonhisheels,ledthewayintothebuilding,andanumberofdimshapesmaterialisedfromtheadjoiningalleyandfollowedthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #2403:
Input:    'so far, all had been admirably plain sailing, but luck was not with them that night.'
Expected: 'So far, all had been admirably plain sailing, but luck was not with them that night.'
Actual:   'Sofar,allhadbeenadmirablyplainsailing,butluckwasnotwiththemthatnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2404:
Input:    'storm was groping round for the switch which controlled the corridor light, when an over-eager constable tripped over the doorstep and crashed down among his fellows.'
Expected: 'Storm was groping round for the switch which controlled the corridor light, when an over-eager constable tripped over the doorstep and crashed down among his fellows.'
Actual:   'Stormwasgropingroundfortheswitchwhichcontrolledthecorridorlight,whenanover-eagerconstabletrippedoverthedoorstepandcrasheddownamonghisfellows.'
Type: Other error

Error #2405:
Input:    'the thud sounded like a detonation in the silence, and teal turned and cursed the offender in pregnant whispers.'
Expected: 'The thud sounded like a detonation in the silence, and Teal turned and cursed the offender in pregnant whispers.'
Actual:   'Thethudsoundedlikeadetonationinthesilence,andtealturnedandcursedtheoffenderinpregnantwhispers.'
Type: Other error

Error #2406:
Input:    'storm found the lever he sought, and pulled it down.'
Expected: 'Storm found the lever he sought, and pulled it down.'
Actual:   'Stormfoundtheleverhesought,andpulleditdown.'
Type: Other error

Error #2407:
Input:    '"teal--left-hand door," he called.'
Expected: '"Teal--left-hand door," he called.'
Actual:   '``teal -- left-handdoor,''hecalled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2408:
Input:    '"this way, some of you boys!" he himself turned the handle of the right-hand door and kicked it open.'
Expected: '"This way, some of you boys!" He himself turned the handle of the right-hand door and kicked it open.'
Actual:   '``thisway,someofyouboys!'' Hehimselfturnedthehandleoftheright-handdoorandkickeditopen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2409:
Input:    'the men were pouring into the passage behind him.'
Expected: 'The men were pouring into the passage behind him.'
Actual:   'Themenwerepouringintothepassagebehindhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2410:
Input:    'he saw how much that fall had cost them, and sprang into the room.'
Expected: 'He saw how much that fall had cost them, and sprang into the room.'
Actual:   'Hesawhowmuchthatfallhadcostthem,andsprangintotheroom.'
Type: Other error

Error #2411:
Input:    'there was another door to it, and most of the roughnecks had already passed through it.'
Expected: 'There was another door to it, and most of the roughnecks had already passed through it.'
Actual:   'Therewasanotherdoortoit,andmostoftheroughneckshadalreadypassedthroughit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2412:
Input:    'scarcely half a dozen were left, scrambling to get through.'
Expected: 'Scarcely half a dozen were left, scrambling to get through.'
Actual:   'Scarcelyhalfadozenwereleft,scramblingtogetthrough.'
Type: Other error

Error #2413:
Input:    'storm caught the hindmost and tripped him.'
Expected: 'Storm caught the hindmost and tripped him.'
Actual:   'Stormcaughtthehindmostandtrippedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2414:
Input:    'a couple of burly forms promptly sat on the prostrate one.'
Expected: 'A couple of burly forms promptly sat on the prostrate one.'
Actual:   'Acoupleofburlyformspromptlysatontheprostrateone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2415:
Input:    'the next instant something banged close to storm's head, and he felt the wind of the bullet and jumped back, drawing as he did so.'
Expected: 'The next instant something banged close to Storm's head, and he felt the wind of the bullet and jumped back, drawing as he did so.'
Actual:   'Thenextinstantsomethingbangedclosetostorm'shead,andhefeltthewindofthebulletandjumpedback,drawingashedidso.'
Type: Other error

Error #2416:
Input:    'the panic had stopped suddenly.'
Expected: 'The panic had stopped suddenly.'
Actual:   'Thepanichadstoppedsuddenly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2417:
Input:    'the half-dozen who had been fighting to get through the second door were now filing out in an orderly manner, and every one of them was armed.'
Expected: 'The half-dozen who had been fighting to get through the second door were now filing out in an orderly manner, and every one of them was armed.'
Actual:   'Thehalf-dozenwhohadbeenfightingtogetthroughtheseconddoorwerenowfilingoutinanorderlymanner,andeveryoneofthemwasarmed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2418:
Input:    'the men behind storm hesitated for a second, for the london bobby is not anxious to use firearms, and it seemed to be the only course left open.'
Expected: 'The men behind Storm hesitated for a second, for the London bobby is not anxious to use firearms, and it seemed to be the only course left open.'
Actual:   'Themenbehindstormhesitatedforasecond,forthelondonbobbyisnotanxioustousefirearms,anditseemedtobetheonlycourseleftopen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2419:
Input:    'they were waiting for orders, and storm, having none of their scruples, roared them on.'
Expected: 'They were waiting for orders, and Storm, having none of their scruples, roared them on.'
Actual:   'Theywerewaitingfororders,andstorm,havingnoneoftheirscruples,roaredthemon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2420:
Input:    '"feet--first round--don't hit 'em!" he snapped, and a volley rang out.'
Expected: '"Feet--first round--don't hit 'em!" he snapped, and a volley rang out.'
Actual:   '``feet -- firstround -- don'thit'em!'' Hesnapped,andavolleyrangout.'
Type: Other error

Error #2421:
Input:    'the retreating men retaliated on the echo, shooting in deadly earnest, and storm heard the cries of the stricken men behind him.'
Expected: 'The retreating men retaliated on the echo, shooting in deadly earnest, and Storm heard the cries of the stricken men behind him.'
Actual:   'Theretreatingmenretaliatedontheecho,shootingindeadlyearnest,andstormheardthecriesofthestrickenmenbehindhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2422:
Input:    'he fired back himself, gunning now to wound, and saw a man drop with a scream.'
Expected: 'He fired back himself, gunning now to wound, and saw a man drop with a scream.'
Actual:   'Hefiredbackhimself,gunningnowtowound,andsawamandropwithascream.'
Type: Other error

Error #2423:
Input:    'but the retaliatory salvo had done its work; and in the momentary consternation, before the officers could return the fire, those who were left of the half-dozen won through the door.'
Expected: 'But the retaliatory salvo had done its work; and in the momentary consternation, before the officers could return the fire, those who were left of the half-dozen won through the door.'
Actual:   'Buttheretaliatorysalvohaddoneitswork;andinthemomentaryconsternation,beforetheofficerscouldreturnthefire,thosewhowereleftofthehalf-dozenwonthroughthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2424:
Input:    'storm reached it a second late, and it slammed in his face.'
Expected: 'Storm reached it a second late, and it slammed in his face.'
Actual:   'Stormreacheditasecondlate,anditslammedinhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #2425:
Input:    'on the other side a bar thudded home.'
Expected: 'On the other side a bar thudded home.'
Actual:   'Ontheothersideabarthuddedhome.'
Type: Other error

Error #2426:
Input:    '"the table--smash it in!" he ordered.'
Expected: '"The table--smash it in!" he ordered.'
Actual:   '``thetable -- smashitin!'' Heordered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2427:
Input:    'while they battered at the thick wood he left the room and crossed the passage to see how inspector teal was faring.'
Expected: 'While they battered at the thick wood he left the room and crossed the passage to see how Inspector Teal was faring.'
Actual:   'Whiletheybatteredatthethickwoodhelefttheroomandcrossedthepassagetoseehowinspectortealwasfaring.'
Type: Other error

Error #2428:
Input:    'teal had been more, and at the same time less, fortunate.'
Expected: 'Teal had been more, and at the same time less, fortunate.'
Actual:   'Tealhadbeenmore,andatthesametimeless,fortunate.'
Type: Other error

Error #2429:
Input:    'he had no casualties, but the reason was that those who had occupied the room had escaped too swiftly for him, and the way of pursuit was barred by a door on which his men were already working.'
Expected: 'He had no casualties, but the reason was that those who had occupied the room had escaped too swiftly for him, and the way of pursuit was barred by a door on which his men were already working.'
Actual:   'Hehadnocasualties,butthereasonwasthatthosewhohadoccupiedtheroomhadescapedtooswiftlyforhim,andthewayofpursuitwasbarredbyadooronwhichhismenwerealreadyworking.'
Type: Other error

Error #2430:
Input:    '"heaven knows where these let out," said storm.'
Expected: '"Heaven knows where these let out," said Storm.'
Actual:   '``heavenknowswheretheseletout,''saidstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2431:
Input:    '"it may be the tunnel, of course.'
Expected: '"It may be the tunnel, of course.'
Actual:   '``itmaybethetunnel,ofcourse.'
Type: Other error

Error #2432:
Input:    'here--bring three of your men and we'll go and see." they sprinted down the corridor, and so bore the brunt of the flank attack which the triangle, with amazing daring and presence of mind, had organised.'
Expected: 'Here--bring three of your men and we'll go and see." They sprinted down the corridor, and so bore the brunt of the flank attack which the Triangle, with amazing daring and presence of mind, had organised.'
Actual:   'Here -- bringthreeofyourmenandwe'llgoandsee.'' Theysprinteddownthecorridor,andsoborethebruntoftheflankattackwhichthetriangle,withamazingdaringandpresenceofmind,hadorganised.'
Type: Other error

Error #2433:
Input:    'just as they turned the angle of the passage an armed mob streamed from a side door and let fly at them on sight.'
Expected: 'Just as they turned the angle of the passage an armed mob streamed from a side door and let fly at them on sight.'
Actual:   'Justastheyturnedtheangleofthepassageanarmedmobstreamedfromasidedoorandletflyatthemonsight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2434:
Input:    'the five dodged back behind the bend, and, leaning over each other, fired from cover.'
Expected: 'The five dodged back behind the bend, and, leaning over each other, fired from cover.'
Actual:   'Thefivedodgedbackbehindthebend,and,leaningovereachother,firedfromcover.'
Type: Other error

Error #2435:
Input:    'the police were shooting to kill now, and in the face of that withering hurricane of death the assault faltered and broke.'
Expected: 'The police were shooting to kill now, and in the face of that withering hurricane of death the assault faltered and broke.'
Actual:   'Thepolicewereshootingtokillnow,andinthefaceofthatwitheringhurricaneofdeaththeassaultfalteredandbroke.'
Type: Other error

Error #2436:
Input:    'the survivors retreated to the door through which they had come, and storm caught teal by the arm.'
Expected: 'The survivors retreated to the door through which they had come, and Storm caught Teal by the arm.'
Actual:   'Thesurvivorsretreatedtothedoorthroughwhichtheyhadcome,andstormcaughttealbythearm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2437:
Input:    '"great stuff!'
Expected: '"Great stuff!'
Actual:   '``greatstuff!'
Type: Other error

Error #2438:
Input:    'go back and get the others; just leave a few on guard in the rooms.'
Expected: 'Go back and get the others; just leave a few on guard in the rooms.'
Actual:   'Gobackandgettheothers;justleaveafewonguardintherooms.'
Type: Other error

Error #2439:
Input:    'oh, and whistle more men in from the outside." teal departed obediently, and storm coolly reloaded.'
Expected: 'Oh, and whistle more men in from the outside." Teal departed obediently, and Storm coolly reloaded.'
Actual:   'Oh,andwhistlemoremeninfromtheoutside.'' Tealdepartedobediently,andstormcoollyreloaded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2440:
Input:    'he was breathing evenly, and there was hardly a flush on his face.'
Expected: 'He was breathing evenly, and there was hardly a flush on his face.'
Actual:   'Hewasbreathingevenly,andtherewashardlyaflushonhisface.'
Type: Other error

Error #2441:
Input:    'on an impulse he decided to reconnoitre upstairs, and thereby saved his life.'
Expected: 'On an impulse he decided to reconnoitre upstairs, and thereby saved his life.'
Actual:   'Onanimpulsehedecidedtoreconnoitreupstairs,andtherebysavedhislife.'
Type: Other error

Error #2442:
Input:    'he was half-way up when the door below him opened and a man appeared.'
Expected: 'He was half-way up when the door below him opened and a man appeared.'
Actual:   'Hewashalf-wayupwhenthedoorbelowhimopenedandamanappeared.'
Type: Other error

Error #2443:
Input:    'in a moment the apparition had vanished again, but storm had seen the round black object that had been flung towards the angle he had just quitted.'
Expected: 'In a moment the apparition had vanished again, but Storm had seen the round black object that had been flung towards the angle he had just quitted.'
Actual:   'Inamomenttheapparitionhadvanishedagain,butstormhadseentheroundblackobjectthathadbeenflungtowardstheanglehehadjustquitted.'
Type: Other error

Error #2444:
Input:    'he yelled a warning, and at the same time fired through the door.'
Expected: 'He yelled a warning, and at the same time fired through the door.'
Actual:   'Heyelledawarning,andatthesametimefiredthroughthedoor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2445:
Input:    'he heard a bellow of pain, and gathered that his random shot had found a billet.'
Expected: 'He heard a bellow of pain, and gathered that his random shot had found a billet.'
Actual:   'Heheardabellowofpain,andgatheredthathisrandomshothadfoundabillet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2446:
Input:    'then the bomb exploded.'
Expected: 'Then the bomb exploded.'
Actual:   'Thenthebombexploded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2447:
Input:    'lying flat on the stairs, he blazed between the banisters at the second mass which crowded out to attack, until his automatic clicked on an empty magazine.'
Expected: 'Lying flat on the stairs, he blazed between the banisters at the second mass which crowded out to attack, until his automatic clicked on an empty magazine.'
Actual:   'Lyingflatonthestairs,heblazedbetweenthebanistersatthesecondmasswhichcrowdedouttoattack,untilhisautomaticclickedonanemptymagazine.'
Type: Other error

Error #2448:
Input:    'by this time a fresh contingent had arrived under inspector teal, and once again the onslaught was repulsed with losses on each side.'
Expected: 'By this time a fresh contingent had arrived under Inspector Teal, and once again the onslaught was repulsed with losses on each side.'
Actual:   'Bythistimeafreshcontingenthadarrivedunderinspectorteal,andonceagaintheonslaughtwasrepulsedwithlossesoneachside.'
Type: Other error

Error #2449:
Input:    'but now, instead of retiring to their door, most of the party broke for the stairs, running the gauntlet of the police fire.'
Expected: 'But now, instead of retiring to their door, most of the party broke for the stairs, running the gauntlet of the police fire.'
Actual:   'Butnow,insteadofretiringtotheirdoor,mostofthepartybrokeforthestairs,runningthegauntletofthepolicefire.'
Type: Other error

Error #2450:
Input:    'storm leapt up ahead of them, for there was no hope of resistance: there must have been fully eighty men in that solid pack.'
Expected: 'Storm leapt up ahead of them, for there was no hope of resistance: there must have been fully eighty men in that solid pack.'
Actual:   'Stormleaptupaheadofthem,fortherewasnohopeofresistance:theremusthavebeenfullyeightymeninthatsolidpack.'
Type: Other error

Error #2451:
Input:    'he had hoped for a single door which he could have held against them, but a long passage fronted him as he reached the top.'
Expected: 'He had hoped for a single door which he could have held against them, but a long passage fronted him as he reached the top.'
Actual:   'Hehadhopedforasingledoorwhichhecouldhaveheldagainstthem,butalongpassagefrontedhimashereachedthetop.'
Type: Other error

Error #2452:
Input:    'a side door which was ajar showed a bare room, and he dodged into it, barring the door behind him, and heard the mob go pounding past.'
Expected: 'A side door which was ajar showed a bare room, and he dodged into it, barring the door behind him, and heard the mob go pounding past.'
Actual:   'Asidedoorwhichwasajarshowedabareroom,andhedodgedintoit,barringthedoorbehindhim,andheardthemobgopoundingpast.'
Type: Other error

Error #2453:
Input:    'reloading at speed, he opened the door again and fired low as the last of them disappeared through another opening, and two fell to his shooting.'
Expected: 'Reloading at speed, he opened the door again and fired low as the last of them disappeared through another opening, and two fell to his shooting.'
Actual:   'Reloadingatspeed,heopenedthedooragainandfiredlowasthelastofthemdisappearedthroughanotheropening,andtwofelltohisshooting.'
Type: Other error

Error #2454:
Input:    'then teal and a number of men arrived, and he led them in a rush to the door and tried the handle.'
Expected: 'Then Teal and a number of men arrived, and he led them in a rush to the door and tried the handle.'
Actual:   'Thentealandanumberofmenarrived,andheledtheminarushtothedoorandtriedthehandle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2455:
Input:    'it was locked.'
Expected: 'It was locked.'
Actual:   'Itwaslocked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2456:
Input:    '"there may be another bomb coming, so look out!" he warned, and promptly disregarded his own advice.'
Expected: '"There may be another bomb coming, so look out!" he warned, and promptly disregarded his own advice.'
Actual:   '``theremaybeanotherbombcoming,solookout!'' Hewarned,andpromptlydisregardedhisownadvice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2457:
Input:    'the lock burst out under the impact of a bullet, and they charged in.'
Expected: 'The lock burst out under the impact of a bullet, and they charged in.'
Actual:   'Thelockburstoutundertheimpactofabullet,andtheychargedin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2458:
Input:    'the place was beautifully empty.'
Expected: 'The place was beautifully empty.'
Actual:   'Theplacewasbeautifullyempty.'
Type: Other error

Error #2459:
Input:    '"this is annoying," said teal with staggering restraint, and walked to the only window.'
Expected: '"This is annoying," said Teal with staggering restraint, and walked to the only window.'
Actual:   '``thisisannoying,''saidtealwithstaggeringrestraint,andwalkedtotheonlywindow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2460:
Input:    'hanging out, he looked to his left and saw that the wall continued over to the next block, with an archway below at the street level.'
Expected: 'Hanging out, he looked to his left and saw that the wall continued over to the next block, with an archway below at the street level.'
Actual:   'Hangingout,helookedtohisleftandsawthatthewallcontinuedovertothenextblock,withanarchwaybelowatthestreetlevel.'
Type: Other error

Error #2461:
Input:    'he pointed this fact out to storm, thereby annoying that young man considerably.'
Expected: 'He pointed this fact out to Storm, thereby annoying that young man considerably.'
Actual:   'Hepointedthisfactouttostorm,therebyannoyingthatyoungmanconsiderably.'
Type: Other error

Error #2462:
Input:    '"the place is marked as an island site on the surveyor's plans," he said.'
Expected: '"The place is marked as an island site on the surveyor's plans," he said.'
Actual:   '``theplaceismarkedasanislandsiteonthesurveyor'splans,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2463:
Input:    '"they must have sent me an old set.'
Expected: '"They must have sent me an old set.'
Actual:   '``theymusthavesentmeanoldset.'
Type: Other error

Error #2464:
Input:    'you can see the bridge is newer than either building.'
Expected: 'You can see the bridge is newer than either building.'
Actual:   'Youcanseethebridgeisnewerthaneitherbuilding.'
Type: Other error

Error #2465:
Input:    'i suppose there's a secret panel somewhere, but we needn't waste time looking for it now.'
Expected: 'I suppose there's a secret panel somewhere, but we needn't waste time looking for it now.'
Actual:   'Isupposethere'sasecretpanelsomewhere,butweneedn'twastetimelookingforitnow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2466:
Input:    'what about the birds who didn't get away?" "the boys have got 'em--thirteen.'
Expected: 'What about the birds who didn't get away?" "The boys have got 'em--thirteen.'
Actual:   'Whataboutthebirdswhodidn'tgetaway?'' ``theboyshavegot'em -- thirteen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2467:
Input:    'they were unlucky, all right." "and eighty-odd have slipped the cordon, you long-tailed land-ape!" snarled storm with pardonable heat.'
Expected: 'They were unlucky, all right." "And eighty-odd have slipped the cordon, you long-tailed land-ape!" snarled Storm with pardonable heat.'
Actual:   'Theywereunlucky,allright.'' ``andeighty-oddhaveslippedthecordon,youlong-tailedland-ape!'' Snarledstormwithpardonableheat.'
Type: Other error

Error #2468:
Input:    '"your sense of proportion makes me want to scream!" his first thought was for the men under him, but he found that an ambulance had been sent along by a thoughtful authority, and red cross men were already tending the casualties.'
Expected: '"Your sense of proportion makes me want to scream!" His first thought was for the men under him, but he found that an ambulance had been sent along by a thoughtful authority, and Red Cross men were already tending the casualties.'
Actual:   '``yoursenseofproportionmakesmewanttoscream!'' Hisfirstthoughtwasforthemenunderhim,buthefoundthatanambulancehadbeensentalongbyathoughtfulauthority,andredcrossmenwerealreadytendingthecasualties.'
Type: Other error

Error #2469:
Input:    'six of the constables were killed, and a number were more or less seriously wounded.'
Expected: 'Six of the constables were killed, and a number were more or less seriously wounded.'
Actual:   'Sixoftheconstableswerekilled,andanumberweremoreorlessseriouslywounded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2470:
Input:    'then he went along to the room where the thirteen unlucky ones were under guard awaiting the arrival of a van.'
Expected: 'Then he went along to the room where the thirteen unlucky ones were under guard awaiting the arrival of a van.'
Actual:   'Thenhewentalongtotheroomwherethethirteenunluckyoneswereunderguardawaitingthearrivalofavan.'
Type: Other error

Error #2471:
Input:    'their spirit left nothing to be desired.'
Expected: 'Their spirit left nothing to be desired.'
Actual:   'Theirspiritleftnothingtobedesired.'
Type: Other error

Error #2472:
Input:    '"you might as well let us go, guvnor," said one hefty specimen.'
Expected: '"You might as well let us go, guvnor," said one hefty specimen.'
Actual:   '``youmightaswellletusgo,guvnor,''saidoneheftyspecimen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2473:
Input:    '"it'll only mean trouble if you take us to the station." "yeh!" agreed storm ironically.'
Expected: '"It'll only mean trouble if you take us to the station." "Yeh!" agreed Storm ironically.'
Actual:   '``it'llonlymeantroubleifyoutakeustothestation.'' ``yeh!'' Agreedstormironically.'
Type: Other error

Error #2474:
Input:    '"and the trouble will be right up under your hats!" the man looked at him queerly.'
Expected: '"And the trouble will be right up under your hats!" The man looked at him queerly.'
Actual:   '``andthetroublewillberightupunderyourhats!'' Themanlookedathimqueerly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2475:
Input:    '"d'you really think you'll get us to the station?" he asked, and storm showed his teeth.'
Expected: '"D'you really think you'll get us to the station?" he asked, and Storm showed his teeth.'
Actual:   '``d'youreallythinkyou'llgetustothestation?'' Heasked,andstormshowedhisteeth.'
Type: Other error

Error #2476:
Input:    '"i'll think more than that, for your benefit," he said unpleasantly.'
Expected: '"I'll think more than that, for your benefit," he said unpleasantly.'
Actual:   '``i'llthinkmorethanthat,foryourbenefit,''hesaidunpleasantly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2477:
Input:    '"i think in about two months' time you will all hang by your necks until you are dead!" teal, on a round of inspection, stopped storm to air a theory.'
Expected: '"I think in about two months' time you will all hang by your necks until you are dead!" Teal, on a round of inspection, stopped Storm to air a theory.'
Actual:   '``ithinkinabouttwomonths'timeyouwillallhangbyyournecksuntilyouaredead!'' Teal,onaroundofinspection,stoppedstormtoairatheory.'
Type: Other error

Error #2478:
Input:    'the detective was taking the set-back with great patience.'
Expected: 'The detective was taking the set-back with great patience.'
Actual:   'Thedetectivewastakingtheset-backwithgreatpatience.'
Type: Other error

Error #2479:
Input:    'he stripped the wrapping from a wafer of chewing-gum and inserted the sweet in his mouth with care.'
Expected: 'He stripped the wrapping from a wafer of chewing-gum and inserted the sweet in his mouth with care.'
Actual:   'Hestrippedthewrappingfromawaferofchewing-gumandinsertedthesweetinhismouthwithcare.'
Type: Other error

Error #2480:
Input:    '"has it occurred to you," he said, "that even a lot of thugs like that bunch wouldn't be armed to the teeth, every man of 'em, in the ordinary way, if they'd thought they were all snug and chummy?" this was a far-fetched suggestion, storm opined, but teal's confidence was undamped.'
Expected: '"Has it occurred to you," he said, "that even a lot of thugs like that bunch wouldn't be armed to the teeth, every man of 'em, in the ordinary way, if they'd thought they were all snug and chummy?" This was a far-fetched suggestion, Storm opined, but Teal's confidence was undamped.'
Actual:   '``hasitoccurredtoyou,''hesaid,``thatevenalotofthugslikethatbunchwouldn'tbearmedtotheteeth,everymanof'em,intheordinaryway,ifthey'dthoughttheywereallsnugandchummy?'' Thiswasafar-fetchedsuggestion,stormopined,butteal'sconfidencewasundamped.'
Type: Other error

Error #2481:
Input:    'he went to the telephone in the hall and called exchange.'
Expected: 'He went to the telephone in the hall and called Exchange.'
Actual:   'Hewenttothetelephoneinthehallandcalledexchange.'
Type: Other error

Error #2482:
Input:    '"central-inspector teal," he introduced himself.'
Expected: '"Central-Inspector Teal," he introduced himself.'
Actual:   '``central-inspectorteal,''heintroducedhimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2483:
Input:    '"has this number been called in the last hour?...'
Expected: '"Has this number been called in the last hour?...'
Actual:   '``hasthisnumberbeencalledinthelasthour?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2484:
Input:    'thank you....'
Expected: 'Thank you....'
Actual:   'Thankyou....'
Type: Other error

Error #2485:
Input:    'public call box at monument station you said?...'
Expected: 'public call box at Monument Station you said?...'
Actual:   'Publiccallboxatmonumentstationyousaid?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2486:
Input:    'thanks." "three bluffs were put over in this shack to-night," storm murmured thoughtfully as teal replaced the receiver.'
Expected: 'Thanks." "Three bluffs were put over in this shack to-night," Storm murmured thoughtfully as Teal replaced the receiver.'
Actual:   'Thanks.'' ``threebluffswereputoverinthisshackto-night,''stormmurmuredthoughtfullyastealreplacedthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #2487:
Input:    '"i don't think it matters which one that call gave away." he looked at the detective sombrely.'
Expected: '"I don't think it matters which one that call gave away." He looked at the detective sombrely.'
Actual:   '``idon'tthinkitmatterswhichonethatcallgaveaway.'' Helookedatthedetectivesombrely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2488:
Input:    'this is hell's own song and dance act!'
Expected: 'This is Hell's own song and dance act!'
Actual:   'Thisishell'sownsonganddanceact!'
Type: Other error

Error #2489:
Input:    'they were waiting for us, and they guessed they could make a slick enough getaway when the time came; they just stayed on to liven things up a bit for us.'
Expected: 'They were waiting for us, and they guessed they could make a slick enough getaway when the time came; they just stayed on to liven things up a bit for us.'
Actual:   'Theywerewaitingforus,andtheyguessedtheycouldmakeaslickenoughgetawaywhenthetimecame;theyjuststayedontoliventhingsupabitforus.'
Type: Other error

Error #2490:
Input:    'that's nerve!'
Expected: 'That's nerve!'
Actual:   'That'snerve!'
Type: Other error

Error #2491:
Input:    'i wish the swine didn't seem so damned sure of themselves." "you surprise me--after that speech of yours at the enquiry," teal said drily.'
Expected: 'I wish the swine didn't seem so damned sure of themselves." "You surprise me--after that speech of yours at the Enquiry," Teal said drily.'
Actual:   'Iwishtheswinedidn'tseemsodamnedsureofthemselves.'' ``yousurpriseme -- afterthatspeechofyoursattheenquiry,''tealsaiddrily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2492:
Input:    'shortly afterwards one of the flying squad's vans arrived with the detachment which had guarded the bank station.'
Expected: 'Shortly afterwards one of the Flying Squad's vans arrived with the detachment which had guarded the Bank Station.'
Actual:   'Shortlyafterwardsoneoftheflyingsquad'svansarrivedwiththedetachmentwhichhadguardedthebankstation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2493:
Input:    'the officers were unloaded, and the captured members of the triangle shipped instead, with two armed men for company.'
Expected: 'The officers were unloaded, and the captured members of the Triangle shipped instead, with two armed men for company.'
Actual:   'Theofficerswereunloaded,andthecapturedmembersofthetriangleshippedinstead,withtwoarmedmenforcompany.'
Type: Other error

Error #2494:
Input:    'a third armed man rode beside the driver.'
Expected: 'A third armed man rode beside the driver.'
Actual:   'Athirdarmedmanrodebesidethedriver.'
Type: Other error

Error #2495:
Input:    'huge drays with their attendant school of porters were already about, blocking the narrow street, and the van made slow progress.'
Expected: 'Huge drays with their attendant school of porters were already about, blocking the narrow street, and the van made slow progress.'
Actual:   'Hugedrayswiththeirattendantschoolofporterswerealreadyabout,blockingthenarrowstreet,andthevanmadeslowprogress.'
Type: Other error

Error #2496:
Input:    'storm watched it go with a frown, for the confident words of one of the prisoners stuck in his head.'
Expected: 'Storm watched it go with a frown, for the confident words of one of the prisoners stuck in his head.'
Actual:   'Stormwatcheditgowithafrown,fortheconfidentwordsofoneoftheprisonersstuckinhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2497:
Input:    'a second van arriving at that moment, he sent it on the trail of the first for additional security, but by that time there was a thick jam of slow traffic between the two, and in those circumstances he had some doubts of the efficiency of his precaution.'
Expected: 'A second van arriving at that moment, he sent it on the trail of the first for additional security, but by that time there was a thick jam of slow traffic between the two, and in those circumstances he had some doubts of the efficiency of his precaution.'
Actual:   'Asecondvanarrivingatthatmoment,hesentitonthetrailofthefirstforadditionalsecurity,butbythattimetherewasathickjamofslowtrafficbetweenthetwo,andinthosecircumstanceshehadsomedoubtsoftheefficiencyofhisprecaution.'
Type: Other error

Error #2498:
Input:    '"if they do get away, i'll believe i'm dreaming a detective story," he told himself.'
Expected: '"If they do get away, I'll believe I'm dreaming a detective story," he told himself.'
Actual:   '``iftheydogetaway,i'llbelievei'mdreamingadetectivestory,''hetoldhimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2499:
Input:    'nevertheless, the prisoners did escape, and by a ruse so simple that it was almost certain to succeed.'
Expected: 'Nevertheless, the prisoners did escape, and by a ruse so simple that it was almost certain to succeed.'
Actual:   'Nevertheless,theprisonersdidescape,andbyarusesosimplethatitwasalmostcertaintosucceed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2500:
Input:    'the leading van made for headquarters via tower hill and eastcheap, to avoid the obstructions of lower thames street as much as possible--a move which the strategist would have foreseen.'
Expected: 'The leading van made for Headquarters via Tower Hill and Eastcheap, to avoid the obstructions of Lower Thames Street as much as possible--a move which the strategist would have foreseen.'
Actual:   'Theleadingvanmadeforheadquartersviatowerhillandeastcheap,toavoidtheobstructionsoflowerthamesstreetasmuchaspossible -- amovewhichthestrategistwouldhaveforeseen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2501:
Input:    'at the turn into tower street it encountered a lorry laden with men, who to the casual eye were navvies on their way to work, but who must almost certainly have been a section of the crowd which had made its getaway through the secret door in the upper storey of the sawmill.'
Expected: 'At the turn into Tower Street it encountered a lorry laden with men, who to the casual eye were navvies on their way to work, but who must almost certainly have been a section of the crowd which had made its getaway through the secret door in the upper storey of the sawmill.'
Actual:   'Attheturnintotowerstreetitencounteredalorryladenwithmen,whotothecasualeyewerenavviesontheirwaytowork,butwhomustalmostcertainlyhavebeenasectionofthecrowdwhichhadmadeitsgetawaythroughthesecretdoorintheupperstoreyofthesawmill.'
Type: Other error

Error #2502:
Input:    'as the van containing the prisoners took the bend, its escort being still held up in the wedge of billingsgate traffic, the lorry seemed to get out of hand, and swerved across the road.'
Expected: 'As the van containing the prisoners took the bend, its escort being still held up in the wedge of Billingsgate traffic, the lorry seemed to get out of hand, and swerved across the road.'
Actual:   'Asthevancontainingtheprisonerstookthebend,itsescortbeingstillheldupinthewedgeofbillingsgatetraffic,thelorryseemedtogetoutofhand,andswervedacrosstheroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #2503:
Input:    'it caught the flying squad van squarely across the bonnet, throwing the whole vehicle round in a complete circle which fetched up in a smash against a lamp-post.'
Expected: 'It caught the Flying Squad van squarely across the bonnet, throwing the whole vehicle round in a complete circle which fetched up in a smash against a lamp-post.'
Actual:   'Itcaughttheflyingsquadvansquarelyacrossthebonnet,throwingthewholevehicleroundinacompletecirclewhichfetchedupinasmashagainstalamp-post.'
Type: Other error

Error #2504:
Input:    'the driver of the police van and the man who sat beside him were thrown out and dangerously injured; the two armed men inside, half-stunned by the shock, were quickly overpowered by the "navvies" who swarmed from the lorry.'
Expected: 'The driver of the police van and the man who sat beside him were thrown out and dangerously injured; the two armed men inside, half-stunned by the shock, were quickly overpowered by the "navvies" who swarmed from the lorry.'
Actual:   'Thedriverofthepolicevanandthemanwhosatbesidehimwerethrownoutanddangerouslyinjured;thetwoarmedmeninside,half-stunnedbytheshock,werequicklyoverpoweredbythe``navvies''whoswarmedfromthelorry.'
Type: Other error

Error #2505:
Input:    'the rescue party and their friends then rentered the lorry, which in the meantime had been backed out of the wreckage, and which by reason of its superior weight and the angle of impact had suffered no great damage, and were driven off.'
Expected: 'The rescue party and their friends then rentered the lorry, which in the meantime had been backed out of the wreckage, and which by reason of its superior weight and the angle of impact had suffered no great damage, and were driven off.'
Actual:   'Therescuepartyandtheirfriendsthenrenteredthelorry,whichinthemeantimehadbeenbackedoutofthewreckage,andwhichbyreasonofitssuperiorweightandtheangleofimpacthadsufferednogreatdamage,andweredrivenoff.'
Type: Other error

Error #2506:
Input:    'the rescue was conducted with such well-organised speed that it was obvious that some such contingency had been feared and prepared for, and the proceedings rehearsed beforehand.'
Expected: 'The rescue was conducted with such well-organised speed that it was obvious that some such contingency had been feared and prepared for, and the proceedings rehearsed beforehand.'
Actual:   'Therescuewasconductedwithsuchwell-organisedspeedthatitwasobviousthatsomesuchcontingencyhadbeenfearedandpreparedfor,andtheproceedingsrehearsedbeforehand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2507:
Input:    'from start to finish the incident took no longer than three minutes, and the lorry was rushing away through the deserted streets before any of the few spectators could recover from their astonishment.'
Expected: 'From start to finish the incident took no longer than three minutes, and the lorry was rushing away through the deserted streets before any of the few spectators could recover from their astonishment.'
Actual:   'Fromstarttofinishtheincidenttooknolongerthanthreeminutes,andthelorrywasrushingawaythroughthedesertedstreetsbeforeanyofthefewspectatorscouldrecoverfromtheirastonishment.'
Type: Other error

Error #2508:
Input:    'the lorry was driven round the tower and across tower bridge, and later in the day was found abandoned outside a builder's yard in bermondsey.'
Expected: 'The lorry was driven round the Tower and across Tower Bridge, and later in the day was found abandoned outside a builder's yard in Bermondsey.'
Actual:   'Thelorrywasdrivenroundthetowerandacrosstowerbridge,andlaterinthedaywasfoundabandonedoutsideabuilder'syardinbermondsey.'
Type: Other error

Error #2509:
Input:    'all this, of course, neither storm nor inspector teal heard until some time afterwards.'
Expected: 'All this, of course, neither Storm nor Inspector Teal heard until some time afterwards.'
Actual:   'Allthis,ofcourse,neitherstormnorinspectortealhearduntilsometimeafterwards.'
Type: Other error

Error #2510:
Input:    '"there's two more bits of news for you," teal said in his homeward taxi.'
Expected: '"There's two more bits of news for you," Teal said in his homeward taxi.'
Actual:   '``there'stwomorebitsofnewsforyou,''tealsaidinhishomewardtaxi.'
Type: Other error

Error #2511:
Input:    '"one is that miss hawthorne's slipped her man and disappeared." "i knew that," said storm, although for the first time since the opening of that brief, hectic battle he remembered susan's threat to return.'
Expected: '"One is that Miss Hawthorne's slipped her man and disappeared." "I knew that," said Storm, although for the first time since the opening of that brief, hectic battle he remembered Susan's threat to return.'
Actual:   '``oneisthatmisshawthorne'sslippedhermananddisappeared.'' ``iknewthat,''saidstorm,althoughforthefirsttimesincetheopeningofthatbrief,hecticbattleherememberedsusan'sthreattoreturn.'
Type: Other error

Error #2512:
Input:    '"what else?" "this." teal fished in his pocket and brought out a grubby scrap of paper on which a message was typewritten.'
Expected: '"What else?" "This." Teal fished in his pocket and brought out a grubby scrap of paper on which a message was typewritten.'
Actual:   '``whatelse?'' ``this.'' Tealfishedinhispocketandbroughtoutagrubbyscrapofpaperonwhichamessagewastypewritten.'
Type: Other error

Error #2513:
Input:    '"birdie tried to get this put in the _era_ agony column.'
Expected: '"Birdie tried to get this put in the _Era_ agony column.'
Actual:   '``birdietriedtogetthisputinthe_era_agonycolumn.'
Type: Other error

Error #2514:
Input:    'the clerk smelt rats and phoned us." storm read: allay contemptible inanity.'
Expected: 'The clerk smelt rats and phoned us." Storm read: Allay contemptible inanity.'
Actual:   'Theclerksmeltratsandphonedus.'' Stormread:allaycontemptibleinanity.'
Type: Other error

Error #2515:
Input:    'groan in it ping, correct, a a a, ping, a a a.'
Expected: 'Groan in it ping, correct, a a a, ping, a a a.'
Actual:   'Groaninitping,correct,aaa,ping,aaa.'
Type: Other error

Error #2516:
Input:    'attaboy consuming, brass band ping, a, loving wine.'
Expected: 'Attaboy consuming, brass band ping, a, loving wine.'
Actual:   'Attaboyconsuming,brassbandping,a,lovingwine.'
Type: Other error

Error #2517:
Input:    'cry alas, glory me, ping.'
Expected: 'Cry alas, glory me, ping.'
Actual:   'Cryalas,gloryme,ping.'
Type: Other error

Error #2518:
Input:    'weeping, days are long, 2.'
Expected: 'Weeping, days are long, 2.'
Actual:   'Weeping,daysarelong,2.'
Type: Other error

Error #2519:
Input:    'try again, a ping, presumably futility.'
Expected: 'Try again, a ping, presumably futility.'
Actual:   'Tryagain,aping,presumablyfutility.'
Type: Other error

Error #2520:
Input:    'a ping a ping.'
Expected: 'A ping a ping.'
Actual:   'Apingaping.'
Type: Other error

Error #2521:
Input:    'it is hope, frustrated, pong sadly, ping, drying tears.'
Expected: 'It is hope, frustrated, pong sadly, ping, drying tears.'
Actual:   'Itishope,frustrated,pongsadly,ping,dryingtears.'
Type: Other error

Error #2522:
Input:    'inside, to see pong ping, a, come and be blest.'
Expected: 'Inside, to see pong ping, a, come and be blest.'
Actual:   'Inside,toseepongping,a,comeandbeblest.'
Type: Other error

Error #2523:
Input:    '"has birdie taken to free verse," he asked mildly, when he had perused the amazing document a second time, "or are we both mad?" teal shook his head.'
Expected: '"Has Birdie taken to free verse," he asked mildly, when he had perused the amazing document a second time, "or are we both mad?" Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   '``hasbirdietakentofreeverse,''heaskedmildly,whenhehadperusedtheamazingdocumentasecondtime,``orarewebothmad?'' Tealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2524:
Input:    '"nor is birdie in love, as far as i can make out," he said.'
Expected: '"Nor is Birdie in love, as far as I can make out," he said.'
Actual:   '``norisbirdieinlove,asfarasicanmakeout,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2525:
Input:    'at the albany, storm invited the detective upstairs, for he felt like anything but endeavouring to put in a few hours' sleep before commencing the next day's work.'
Expected: 'At the Albany, Storm invited the detective upstairs, for he felt like anything but endeavouring to put in a few hours' sleep before commencing the next day's work.'
Actual:   'Atthealbany,storminvitedthedetectiveupstairs,forhefeltlikeanythingbutendeavouringtoputinafewhours'sleepbeforecommencingthenextday'swork.'
Type: Other error

Error #2526:
Input:    '"you may as well wait a bit and have breakfast with me," he said as they went in.'
Expected: '"You may as well wait a bit and have breakfast with me," he said as they went in.'
Actual:   '``youmayaswellwaitabitandhavebreakfastwithme,''hesaidastheywentin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2527:
Input:    '"has anyone else been getting busy on this little puzzle?" "it's a code, of course," said teal unnecessarily, and storm stopped in the hall to wring his hand in mute admiration.'
Expected: '"Has anyone else been getting busy on this little puzzle?" "It's a code, of course," said Teal unnecessarily, and Storm stopped in the hall to wring his hand in mute admiration.'
Actual:   '``hasanyoneelsebeengettingbusyonthislittlepuzzle?'' ``it'sacode,ofcourse,''saidtealunnecessarily,andstormstoppedinthehalltowringhishandinmuteadmiration.'
Type: Other error

Error #2528:
Input:    '"you're a genius!" he declared brokenly when he had found his voice.'
Expected: '"You're a genius!" he declared brokenly when he had found his voice.'
Actual:   '``you'reagenius!'' Hedeclaredbrokenlywhenhehadfoundhisvoice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2529:
Input:    'comfortably ensconced in a deep armchair, with one of storm's cigars between his teeth, the somnambulous mr.'
Expected: 'Comfortably ensconced in a deep armchair, with one of Storm's cigars between his teeth, the somnambulous Mr.'
Actual:   'Comfortablyensconcedinadeeparmchair,withoneofstorm'scigarsbetweenhisteeth,thesomnambulousMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2530:
Input:    'teal became less trite.'
Expected: 'Teal became less trite.'
Actual:   'Tealbecamelesstrite.'
Type: Other error

Error #2531:
Input:    '"our tame expert's on the job, but he's nowhere near it yet.'
Expected: '"Our tame expert's on the job, but he's nowhere near it yet.'
Actual:   '``ourtameexpert'sonthejob,buthe'snowherenearityet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2532:
Input:    'said it was like nothing in his experience.'
Expected: 'Said it was like nothing in his experience.'
Actual:   'Saiditwaslikenothinginhisexperience.'
Type: Other error

Error #2533:
Input:    'it's something absolutely new.'
Expected: 'It's something absolutely new.'
Actual:   'It'ssomethingabsolutelynew.'
Type: Other error

Error #2534:
Input:    'i suppose it's simple enough really, but these experts have such conventionally eccentric minds that the obvious always gets by them." "thank god i'm not an expert," said storm fervently.'
Expected: 'I suppose it's simple enough really, but these experts have such conventionally eccentric minds that the obvious always gets by them." "Thank God I'm not an expert," said Storm fervently.'
Actual:   'Isupposeit'ssimpleenoughreally,buttheseexpertshavesuchconventionallyeccentricmindsthattheobviousalwaysgetsbythem.'' ``thankgodi'mnotanexpert,''saidstormfervently.'
Type: Other error

Error #2535:
Input:    'he mixed himself a drink, carried the cigarette box over to the centre table, lighted a smoke, and began to work.'
Expected: 'He mixed himself a drink, carried the cigarette box over to the centre table, lighted a smoke, and began to work.'
Actual:   'Hemixedhimselfadrink,carriedthecigaretteboxovertothecentretable,lightedasmoke,andbegantowork.'
Type: Other error

Error #2536:
Input:    'he was silent for a long time, and then he leaned back, staring at the ceiling.'
Expected: 'He was silent for a long time, and then he leaned back, staring at the ceiling.'
Actual:   'Hewassilentforalongtime,andthenheleanedback,staringattheceiling.'
Type: Other error

Error #2537:
Input:    'the pencil in his hand drummed against his teeth, began to beat out a meditative tattoo.'
Expected: 'The pencil in his hand drummed against his teeth, began to beat out a meditative tattoo.'
Actual:   'Thepencilinhishanddrummedagainsthisteeth,begantobeatoutameditativetattoo.'
Type: Other error

Error #2538:
Input:    'the sound interested him, apparently, to the exclusion of everything else, and then suddenly he brought his chair back to the vertical and permitted himself a soft "jerusalem!" of satisfaction.'
Expected: 'The sound interested him, apparently, to the exclusion of everything else, and then suddenly he brought his chair back to the vertical and permitted himself a soft "Jerusalem!" of satisfaction.'
Actual:   'Thesoundinterestedhim,apparently,totheexclusionofeverythingelse,andthensuddenlyhebroughthischairbacktotheverticalandpermittedhimselfasoft``jerusalem!'' Ofsatisfaction.'
Type: Other error

Error #2539:
Input:    'he wrote swiftly for a few moments, and then turned to the expectant teal.'
Expected: 'He wrote swiftly for a few moments, and then turned to the expectant Teal.'
Actual:   'Hewroteswiftlyforafewmoments,andthenturnedtotheexpectantteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2540:
Input:    '"who are the h's we know in this case?" he asked.'
Expected: '"Who are the H's we know in this case?" he asked.'
Actual:   '``whoaretheh'sweknowinthiscase?'' Heasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2541:
Input:    'teal pondered.'
Expected: 'Teal pondered.'
Actual:   'Tealpondered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2542:
Input:    '"there's harry the toff--i think he's in.'
Expected: '"There's Harry the Toff--I think he's in.'
Actual:   '``there'sharrythetoff -- ithinkhe'sin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2543:
Input:    'and horring, the hold-up man--he's reformed lately, which always makes me think of triangles these days.'
Expected: 'And Horring, the hold-up man--he's reformed lately, which always makes me think of Triangles these days.'
Actual:   'Andhorring,thehold-upman -- he'sreformedlately,whichalwaysmakesmethinkoftrianglesthesedays.'
Type: Other error

Error #2544:
Input:    'oh, and hannassay; but hannassay's dead and buried.'
Expected: 'Oh, and Hannassay; but Hannassay's dead and buried.'
Actual:   'Oh,andhannassay;buthannassay'sdeadandburied.'
Type: Other error

Error #2545:
Input:    'that's all i can remember off-hand." "i can add one to that list," said storm, and crossed to the telephone.'
Expected: 'That's all I can remember off-hand." "I can add one to that list," said Storm, and crossed to the telephone.'
Actual:   'That'sallicanrememberoff-hand.'' ``icanaddonetothatlist,''saidstorm,andcrossedtothetelephone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2546:
Input:    'there was a short silence, and then he was speaking into the instrument.'
Expected: 'There was a short silence, and then he was speaking into the instrument.'
Actual:   'Therewasashortsilence,andthenhewasspeakingintotheinstrument.'
Type: Other error

Error #2547:
Input:    '"hullo--terry?'
Expected: '"Hullo--Terry?'
Actual:   '``hullo -- terry?'
Type: Other error

Error #2548:
Input:    'what on earth are you up for at this hour?...'
Expected: 'What on earth are you up for at this hour?...'
Actual:   'Whatonearthareyouupforatthishour?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2549:
Input:    'oh, i see....'
Expected: 'Oh, I see....'
Actual:   'Oh,isee....'
Type: Other error

Error #2550:
Input:    'yes, i'll bet there was some vertical breeze!'
Expected: 'Yes, I'll bet there was some vertical breeze!'
Actual:   'Yes,i'llbettherewassomeverticalbreeze!'
Type: Other error

Error #2551:
Input:    'got home all right, though?...'
Expected: 'Got home all right, though?...'
Actual:   'Gothomeallright,though?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2552:
Input:    'mmm--alone?...'
Expected: 'Mmm--alone?...'
Actual:   'Mmm -- alone?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2553:
Input:    'not even uncle joe?...'
Expected: 'Not even Uncle Joe?...'
Actual:   'Notevenunclejoe?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2554:
Input:    'lazy piker!'
Expected: 'Lazy piker!'
Actual:   'Lazypiker!'
Type: Other error

Error #2555:
Input:    'look here, can i speak to her?'
Expected: 'Look here, can I speak to her?'
Actual:   'Lookhere,canispeaktoher?'
Type: Other error

Error #2556:
Input:    'is she up still?...'
Expected: 'Is she up still?...'
Actual:   'Issheupstill?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2557:
Input:    'right." he covered the transmitter with his hand while he waited, and addressed teal.'
Expected: 'Right." He covered the transmitter with his hand while he waited, and addressed Teal.'
Actual:   'Right.'' Hecoveredthetransmitterwithhishandwhilehewaited,andaddressedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2558:
Input:    '"this is the h you couldn't remember off-hand," he remarked.'
Expected: '"This is the H you couldn't remember off-hand," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``thisisthehyoucouldn'trememberoff-hand,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2559:
Input:    '"i want another man to watch her, and i'll have the coats off their backs if she slips 'em again!" "miss hawthorne?" queried teal, mildly interested.'
Expected: '"I want another man to watch her, and I'll have the coats off their backs if she slips 'em again!" "Miss Hawthorne?" queried Teal, mildly interested.'
Actual:   '``iwantanothermantowatchher,andi'llhavethecoatsofftheirbacksifsheslips'emagain!'' ``misshawthorne?'' Queriedteal,mildlyinterested.'
Type: Other error

Error #2560:
Input:    '"that same....'
Expected: '"That same....'
Actual:   '``thatsame....'
Type: Other error

Error #2561:
Input:    'but listen, susan, i'm coming round right after breakfast, and i'm going to get your goat!...'
Expected: 'But listen, Susan, I'm coming round right after breakfast, and I'm going to get your goat!...'
Actual:   'Butlisten,susan,i'mcomingroundrightafterbreakfast,andi'mgoingtogetyourgoat!...'
Type: Other error

Error #2562:
Input:    'no, but you've got to play the game!'
Expected: 'No, but you've got to play the game!'
Actual:   'No,butyou'vegottoplaythegame!'
Type: Other error

Error #2563:
Input:    'now look here, where did joe leave you?...'
Expected: 'Now look here, where did Joe leave you?...'
Actual:   'Nowlookhere,wheredidjoeleaveyou?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2564:
Input:    'tower hill?...'
Expected: 'Tower Hill?...'
Actual:   'Towerhill?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2565:
Input:    'so you didn't keep your promise?...'
Expected: 'So you didn't keep your promise?...'
Actual:   'Soyoudidn'tkeepyourpromise?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2566:
Input:    'jerusalem--who?...'
Expected: 'Jerusalem--who?...'
Actual:   'Jerusalem -- who?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2567:
Input:    'damn it....'
Expected: 'Damn it....'
Actual:   'Damnit....'
Type: Other error

Error #2568:
Input:    'oh, all right.'
Expected: 'Oh, all right.'
Actual:   'Oh,allright.'
Type: Other error

Error #2569:
Input:    's'long!" he hung up the receiver.'
Expected: 'S'long!" He hung up the receiver.'
Actual:   'S'long!'' Hehungupthereceiver.'
Type: Other error

Error #2570:
Input:    '"saw the getaway and recognised someone," he explained as he came back.'
Expected: '"Saw the getaway and recognised someone," he explained as he came back.'
Actual:   '``sawthegetawayandrecognisedsomeone,''heexplainedashecameback.'
Type: Other error

Error #2571:
Input:    '"this code, now.'
Expected: '"This code, now.'
Actual:   '``thiscode,now.'
Type: Other error

Error #2572:
Input:    'it's morse.'
Expected: 'It's Morse.'
Actual:   'It'smorse.'
Type: Other error

Error #2573:
Input:    'short and long syllables equal dots and dashes.'
Expected: 'Short and long syllables equal dots and dashes.'
Actual:   'Shortandlongsyllablesequaldotsanddashes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2574:
Input:    'but some of the signals are too long to get into one word, so _ping_ or _a_ equals _dot_, and _pong_ equals _dash_.'
Expected: 'But some of the signals are too long to get into one word, so _ping_ or _a_ equals _dot_, and _pong_ equals _dash_.'
Actual:   'Butsomeofthesignalsaretoolongtogetintooneword,so_ping_or_a_equals_dot_,and_pong_equals_dash_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2575:
Input:    'when more than one word or letter goes to make up a signal the phrase is enclosed in commas.'
Expected: 'When more than one word or letter goes to make up a signal the phrase is enclosed in commas.'
Actual:   'Whenmorethanonewordorlettergoestomakeupasignalthephraseisenclosedincommas.'
Type: Other error

Error #2576:
Input:    'groan in it ping, for instance, is _dash-dot-dot-dot_.'
Expected: 'Groan in it ping, for instance, is _dash-dot-dot-dot_.'
Actual:   'Groaninitping,forinstance,is_dash-dot-dot-dot_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2577:
Input:    'the words are easy.'
Expected: 'The words are easy.'
Actual:   'Thewordsareeasy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2578:
Input:    '_allay: dot-dash--contemptibly: dot-dash-dot-dot_--and so forth.'
Expected: '_Allay: dot-dash--contemptibly: dot-dash-dot-dot_--and so forth.'
Actual:   '_allay:dot-dash -- contemptibly:dot-dash-dot-dot_ -- andsoforth.'
Type: Other error

Error #2579:
Input:    'here's the whole shoot, in case you can't read morse." he tossed over a slip of paper, and teal read the scribbled words with interest.'
Expected: 'Here's the whole shoot, in case you can't read Morse." He tossed over a slip of paper, and Teal read the scribbled words with interest.'
Actual:   'Here'sthewholeshoot,incaseyoucan'treadmorse.'' Hetossedoveraslipofpaper,andtealreadthescribbledwordswithinterest.'
Type: Other error

Error #2580:
Input:    '"_all bases.'
Expected: '"_All bases.'
Actual:   '``_allbases.'
Type: Other error

Error #2581:
Input:    'apex._" "clever," was teal's grudging comment.'
Expected: 'Apex._" "Clever," was Teal's grudging comment.'
Actual:   'Apex._''``clever,''wasteal'sgrudgingcomment.'
Type: Other error

Error #2582:
Input:    '"what do we do about it, chief?" "give it back to birdie and try to kid him you've decided it was innocent.'
Expected: '"What do we do about it, Chief?" "Give it back to Birdie and try to kid him you've decided it was innocent.'
Actual:   '``whatdowedoaboutit,chief?'' ``giveitbacktobirdieandtrytokidhimyou'vedecideditwasinnocent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2583:
Input:    'that'll be a job, but it'll have to be done.'
Expected: 'That'll be a job, but it'll have to be done.'
Actual:   'That'llbeajob,butit'llhavetobedone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2584:
Input:    'if the orders don't go out through the era, they'll go out some way else, and knowing their code 'll be useful if they try it on again.'
Expected: 'If the orders don't go out through the Era, they'll go out some way else, and knowing their code 'll be useful if they try it on again.'
Actual:   'Iftheordersdon'tgooutthroughtheera,they'llgooutsomewayelse,andknowingtheircode'llbeusefuliftheytryitonagain.'
Type: Other error

Error #2585:
Input:    'i'm a, of course, and i'm to be taken.'
Expected: 'I'm A, of course, and I'm to be taken.'
Actual:   'I'ma,ofcourse,andi'mtobetaken.'
Type: Other error

Error #2586:
Input:    'but who is 2--or is it a place?" "most likely another nest of theirs.'
Expected: 'But who is 2--or is it a place?" "Most likely another nest of theirs.'
Actual:   'Butwhois2 -- orisitaplace?'' ``mostlikelyanothernestoftheirs.'
Type: Other error

Error #2587:
Input:    'there are probably several--the triangle wouldn't risk everything on one being unsuspected." "probably," storm agreed.'
Expected: 'There are probably several--the Triangle wouldn't risk everything on one being unsuspected." "Probably," Storm agreed.'
Actual:   'Thereareprobablyseveral -- thetrianglewouldn'triskeverythingononebeingunsuspected.'' ``probably,''stormagreed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2588:
Input:    '"and h is to die--being apparently more dangerous than me.'
Expected: '"And H is to die--being apparently more dangerous than me.'
Actual:   '``andhistodie -- beingapparentlymoredangerousthanme.'
Type: Other error

Error #2589:
Input:    'there's a bouquet!" it was nearing seven, and he went up the outside stairs to call his manservant and order breakfast.'
Expected: 'There's a bouquet!" It was nearing seven, and he went up the outside stairs to call his manservant and order breakfast.'
Actual:   'There'sabouquet!'' Itwasnearingseven,andhewentuptheoutsidestairstocallhismanservantandorderbreakfast.'
Type: Other error

Error #2590:
Input:    'cork was already astir, and in an astonishingly short time steaming coffee and delicate slices of golden-brown toast were on the table, and a great dish of fried eggs and bacon was set before them, still sizzling seductively from the pan.'
Expected: 'Cork was already astir, and in an astonishingly short time steaming coffee and delicate slices of golden-brown toast were on the table, and a great dish of fried eggs and bacon was set before them, still sizzling seductively from the pan.'
Actual:   'Corkwasalreadyastir,andinanastonishinglyshorttimesteamingcoffeeanddelicateslicesofgolden-browntoastwereonthetable,andagreatdishoffriedeggsandbaconwassetbeforethem,stillsizzlingseductivelyfromthepan.'
Type: Other error

Error #2591:
Input:    '"this will about save my life," teal said appreciatively, and heaved himself from his chair.'
Expected: '"This will about save my life," Teal said appreciatively, and heaved himself from his chair.'
Actual:   '``thiswillaboutsavemylife,''tealsaidappreciatively,andheavedhimselffromhischair.'
Type: Other error

Error #2592:
Input:    'across the food storm regarded him.'
Expected: 'Across the food Storm regarded him.'
Actual:   'Acrossthefoodstormregardedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2593:
Input:    '"if miss hawthorne is the h referred to," he said, "there're going to be a whole lot of three-cornered funerals in the near future.'
Expected: '"If Miss Hawthorne is the H referred to," he said, "there're going to be a whole lot of three-cornered funerals in the near future.'
Actual:   '``ifmisshawthorneisthehreferredto,''hesaid,``there'regoingtobeawholelotofthree-corneredfuneralsinthenearfuture.'
Type: Other error

Error #2594:
Input:    'and the big triangle 'll be among those present!'
Expected: 'And the Big Triangle 'll be among those present!'
Actual:   'Andthebigtriangle'llbeamongthosepresent!'
Type: Other error

Error #2595:
Input:    'from now on i'm going gunning for triangles!" the detective stared, for if he had seen the words in cold print he would have refused to believe that they could be invested with such a crisp, arctic, incisive malevolence.'
Expected: 'From now on I'm going gunning for Triangles!" The detective stared, for if he had seen the words in cold print he would have refused to believe that they could be invested with such a crisp, arctic, incisive malevolence.'
Actual:   'Fromnowoni'mgoinggunningfortriangles!'' Thedetectivestared,forifhehadseenthewordsincoldprinthewouldhaverefusedtobelievethattheycouldbeinvestedwithsuchacrisp,arctic,incisivemalevolence.'
Type: Other error

Error #2596:
Input:    'storm's voice was very quiet, very suave--but the quietness was like that which comes between the flash of lightning and the answering crackle of its destruction; and the suaveness was not of velvet, but of polished metal....'
Expected: 'Storm's voice was very quiet, very suave--but the quietness was like that which comes between the flash of lightning and the answering crackle of its destruction; and the suaveness was not of velvet, but of polished metal....'
Actual:   'Storm'svoicewasveryquiet,verysuave -- butthequietnesswaslikethatwhichcomesbetweentheflashoflightningandtheansweringcrackleofitsdestruction;andthesuavenesswasnotofvelvet,butofpolishedmetal....'
Type: Other error

Error #2597:
Input:    '"the law," began the respectable mr.'
Expected: '"The Law," began the respectable Mr.'
Actual:   '``thelaw,''begantherespectableMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2598:
Input:    'teal feebly, and then stopped, having met the frosty gaze of those level grey eyes.'
Expected: 'Teal feebly, and then stopped, having met the frosty gaze of those level grey eyes.'
Actual:   'Tealfeebly,andthenstopped,havingmetthefrostygazeofthoselevelgreyeyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2599:
Input:    '"skunkrot the law!" said storm, very gently.'
Expected: '"Skunkrot the Law!" said Storm, very gently.'
Actual:   '``skunkrotthelaw!'' Saidstorm,verygently.'
Type: Other error

Error #2600:
Input:    'chapter xiv exasperation of mr.'
Expected: 'CHAPTER XIV EXASPERATION OF MR.'
Actual:   'ChapterXivexasperationofMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2601:
Input:    'teal james mattock read the second proclamation of the alpha triangle in his morning paper.'
Expected: 'TEAL James Mattock read the second proclamation of the Alpha Triangle in his morning paper.'
Actual:   'Tealjamesmattockreadthesecondproclamationofthealphatriangleinhismorningpaper.'
Type: Other error

Error #2602:
Input:    'it was headed in the flamboyant fashion of the first, but it was much less circumlocutory.'
Expected: 'It was headed in the flamboyant fashion of the first, but it was much less circumlocutory.'
Actual:   'Itwasheadedintheflamboyantfashionofthefirst,butitwasmuchlesscircumlocutory.'
Type: Other error

Error #2603:
Input:    'its comparative brevity lent it a force which had been lacking in its predecessor--a force which gained much from the incidents which had come between the two, and which was emphasised by the account of the battle of billingsgate and the subsequent escape of the thirteen prisoners, a scoop that occupied the place of honour next to the manifesto itself.'
Expected: 'Its comparative brevity lent it a force which had been lacking in its predecessor--a force which gained much from the incidents which had come between the two, and which was emphasised by the account of the Battle of Billingsgate and the subsequent escape of the thirteen prisoners, a scoop that occupied the place of honour next to the manifesto itself.'
Actual:   'Itscomparativebrevitylentitaforcewhichhadbeenlackinginitspredecessor -- aforcewhichgainedmuchfromtheincidentswhichhadcomebetweenthetwo,andwhichwasemphasisedbytheaccountofthebattleofbillingsgateandthesubsequentescapeofthethirteenprisoners,ascoopthatoccupiedtheplaceofhonournexttothemanifestoitself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2604:
Input:    'second manifesto _by the lord of the alpha triangle, in council, to the parliament and people of the united kingdom._ whereby it is announced as follows: seeing that our first manifesto has been ignored, we find it necessary to increase the arguments we have already advanced, why it will be advisable for the government to accede to our terms.'
Expected: 'SECOND MANIFESTO _by the Lord of the Alpha Triangle, in Council, to the Parliament and People of the United Kingdom._ WHEREBY it is announced as follows: Seeing that Our first Manifesto has been ignored, We find it necessary to increase the arguments we have already advanced, why it will be advisable for the Government to accede to Our Terms.'
Actual:   'Secondmanifesto_bythelordofthealphatriangle,incouncil,totheparliamentandpeopleoftheunitedkingdom._wherebyitisannouncedasfollows:seeingthatourfirstmanifestohasbeenignored,wefinditnecessarytoincreasetheargumentswehavealreadyadvanced,whyitwillbeadvisableforthegovernmenttoaccedetoourterms.'
Type: Other error

Error #2605:
Input:    'and this we do according to this warning: that, until our receipt of official notification of the government's acceptance of the aforementioned and previously detailed terms, we shall destroy the undernamed objects of public property, at intervals of two days from the date hereof, in the order given below.'
Expected: 'And this We do according to this Warning: That, until Our receipt of official notification of the Government's acceptance of the aforementioned and previously detailed Terms, We shall destroy the undernamed Objects of Public Property, at intervals of two days from the date hereof, in the order given below.'
Actual:   'Andthiswedoaccordingtothiswarning:that,untilourreceiptofofficialnotificationofthegovernment'sacceptanceoftheaforementionedandpreviouslydetailedterms,weshalldestroytheundernamedobjectsofpublicproperty,atintervalsoftwodaysfromthedatehereof,intheordergivenbelow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2606:
Input:    'the new underground junction at piccadilly circus.'
Expected: 'The New Underground Junction at Piccadilly Circus.'
Actual:   'Thenewundergroundjunctionatpiccadillycircus.'
Type: Other error

Error #2607:
Input:    'the albert hall.'
Expected: 'The Albert Hall.'
Actual:   'Thealberthall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2608:
Input:    'the national gallery and the nelson monument.'
Expected: 'The National Gallery and the Nelson Monument.'
Actual:   'Thenationalgalleryandthenelsonmonument.'
Type: Other error

Error #2609:
Input:    'the british museum.'
Expected: 'The British Museum.'
Actual:   'Thebritishmuseum.'
Type: Other error

Error #2610:
Input:    'paul's cathedral.'
Expected: 'Paul's Cathedral.'
Actual:   'Paul'scathedral.'
Type: Other error

Error #2611:
Input:    'the houses of parliament.'
Expected: 'The Houses of Parliament.'
Actual:   'Thehousesofparliament.'
Type: Other error

Error #2612:
Input:    'concurrently with this campaign, our already initiated policy of terrorism will be continued and augmented.'
Expected: 'Concurrently with this Campaign, Our already initiated Policy of Terrorism will be continued and augmented.'
Actual:   'Concurrentlywiththiscampaign,ouralreadyinitiatedpolicyofterrorismwillbecontinuedandaugmented.'
Type: Other error

Error #2613:
Input:    'given by our hand this day, (signed) followed, in the facsimile which was blazoned across the front page of the _mercury_, the sign of the alpha triangle.'
Expected: 'GIVEN by Our Hand this Day, (Signed) Followed, in the facsimile which was blazoned across the front page of the _Mercury_, the sign of the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   'Givenbyourhandthisday,(signed)followed,inthefacsimilewhichwasblazonedacrossthefrontpageofthe_mercury_,thesignofthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2614:
Input:    'mattock read the whole epistle through a second time.'
Expected: 'Mattock read the whole epistle through a second time.'
Actual:   'Mattockreadthewholeepistlethroughasecondtime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2615:
Input:    'not that it interested him--he already knew it by heart--but because for the first time he had been struck by an almost insignificant detail of the layout.'
Expected: 'Not that it interested him--he already knew it by heart--but because for the first time he had been struck by an almost insignificant detail of the layout.'
Actual:   'Notthatitinterestedhim -- healreadyknewitbyheart -- butbecauseforthefirsttimehehadbeenstruckbyanalmostinsignificantdetailofthelayout.'
Type: Other error

Error #2616:
Input:    'searching in his wallet for the clipping of the first manifesto, he compared the two, and the confirmation of his idea made him sit very still for some time.'
Expected: 'Searching in his wallet for the clipping of the first manifesto, he compared the two, and the confirmation of his idea made him sit very still for some time.'
Actual:   'Searchinginhiswalletfortheclippingofthefirstmanifesto,hecomparedthetwo,andtheconfirmationofhisideamadehimsitverystillforsometime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2617:
Input:    'when he reached the cockspur street office that morning, he found that raegenssen had not arrived, and the police were in possession.'
Expected: 'When he reached the Cockspur Street office that morning, he found that Raegenssen had not arrived, and the police were in possession.'
Actual:   'Whenhereachedthecockspurstreetofficethatmorning,hefoundthatraegenssenhadnotarrived,andthepolicewereinpossession.'
Type: Other error

Error #2618:
Input:    'shortly afterwards, inspector teal himself entered, and promptly buttonholed the ex-convict.'
Expected: 'Shortly afterwards, Inspector Teal himself entered, and promptly buttonholed the ex-convict.'
Actual:   'Shortlyafterwards,inspectortealhimselfentered,andpromptlybuttonholedtheex-convict.'
Type: Other error

Error #2619:
Input:    '"the last time your boss was in was yesterday, wasn't it?" he drawled.'
Expected: '"The last time your boss was in was yesterday, wasn't it?" he drawled.'
Actual:   '``thelasttimeyourbosswasinwasyesterday,wasn'tit?'' Hedrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2620:
Input:    '"yes." "what business did he do that day?" mattock looked at the detective.'
Expected: '"Yes." "What business did he do that day?" Mattock looked at the detective.'
Actual:   '``yes.'' ``whatbusinessdidhedothatday?'' Mattocklookedatthedetective.'
Type: Other error

Error #2621:
Input:    '"i've no right to talk about my employer's business," he said.'
Expected: '"I've no right to talk about my employer's business," he said.'
Actual:   '``i'venorighttotalkaboutmyemployer'sbusiness,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2622:
Input:    '"no-o?" teal's voice was silky.'
Expected: '"No-o?" Teal's voice was silky.'
Actual:   '``no-o?'' Teal'svoicewassilky.'
Type: Other error

Error #2623:
Input:    '"but we want to know all about it--we're just buzzing with interest, in fact--and you look most like the man who's going to tell us." "i'm sorry about that." "what did raegenssen do yesterday?" "rotten weather, isn't it?" said mattock absently, and turned the papers on his desk.'
Expected: '"But we want to know all about it--we're just buzzing with interest, in fact--and you look most like the man who's going to tell us." "I'm sorry about that." "What did Raegenssen do yesterday?" "Rotten weather, isn't it?" said Mattock absently, and turned the papers on his desk.'
Actual:   '``butwewanttoknowallaboutit -- we'rejustbuzzingwithinterest,infact -- andyoulookmostlikethemanwho'sgoingtotellus.'' ``i'msorryaboutthat.'' ``whatdidraegenssendoyesterday?'' ``rottenweather,isn'tit?'' Saidmattockabsently,andturnedthepapersonhisdesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2624:
Input:    'teal shifted his chewing-gum with a deliberate clamp of his jaws.'
Expected: 'Teal shifted his chewing-gum with a deliberate clamp of his jaws.'
Actual:   'Tealshiftedhischewing-gumwithadeliberateclampofhisjaws.'
Type: Other error

Error #2625:
Input:    '"did he go to the bank by any chance?" "i suppose," murmured mattock, staring reflectively out of the window, "i suppose the ducks like it." "you listen to me, and look at this!'
Expected: '"Did he go to the bank by any chance?" "I suppose," murmured Mattock, staring reflectively out of the window, "I suppose the ducks like it." "You listen to me, and look at this!'
Actual:   '``didhegotothebankbyanychance?'' ``isuppose,''murmuredmattock,staringreflectivelyoutofthewindow,``isupposetheduckslikeit.'' ``youlistentome,andlookatthis!'
Type: Other error

Error #2626:
Input:    'you know a warrant by this time, don't you?'
Expected: 'You know a warrant by this time, don't you?'
Actual:   'Youknowawarrantbythistime,don'tyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #2627:
Input:    'and d'you know what you'll get, with your record, if i use it?'
Expected: 'And d'you know what you'll get, with your record, if I use it?'
Actual:   'Andd'youknowwhatyou'llget,withyourrecord,ifiuseit?'
Type: Other error

Error #2628:
Input:    'marchmont avenue, hampstead, at the house of oscar raegenssen--burglary and assault--five years." mattock regarded the paper in the detective's hand calmly.'
Expected: 'Marchmont Avenue, Hampstead, at the house of Oscar Raegenssen--burglary and assault--five years." Mattock regarded the paper in the detective's hand calmly.'
Actual:   'Marchmontavenue,hampstead,atthehouseofoscarraegenssen -- burglaryandassault -- fiveyears.'' Mattockregardedthepaperinthedetective'shandcalmly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2629:
Input:    'then he looked at teal.'
Expected: 'Then he looked at Teal.'
Actual:   'Thenhelookedatteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2630:
Input:    'james mattock, convicted criminal and sometime jail-bird though he was, had once been a gentleman, according to teal's own description, and the fact gave him an immeasurable pull over the detective.'
Expected: 'James Mattock, convicted criminal and sometime jail-bird though he was, had once been a gentleman, according to Teal's own description, and the fact gave him an immeasurable pull over the detective.'
Actual:   'Jamesmattock,convictedcriminalandsometimejail-birdthoughhewas,hadoncebeenagentleman,accordingtoteal'sowndescription,andthefactgavehimanimmeasurablepulloverthedetective.'
Type: Other error

Error #2631:
Input:    'teal, blunt and burly, a man of the people who had won his rank from the academy of the beat, felt uncomfortable under the steady once-over of the self-possessed clerk.'
Expected: 'Teal, blunt and burly, a man of the people who had won his rank from the academy of the beat, felt uncomfortable under the steady once-over of the self-possessed clerk.'
Actual:   'Teal,bluntandburly,amanofthepeoplewhohadwonhisrankfromtheacademyofthebeat,feltuncomfortableunderthesteadyonce-overoftheself-possessedclerk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2632:
Input:    '"you know," said mattock kindly, "your tact would make an angel weep." teal had one pose which never failed to conceal his embarrassment.'
Expected: '"You know," said Mattock kindly, "your tact would make an angel weep." Teal had one pose which never failed to conceal his embarrassment.'
Actual:   '``youknow,''saidmattockkindly,``yourtactwouldmakeanangelweep.'' Tealhadoneposewhichneverfailedtoconcealhisembarrassment.'
Type: Other error

Error #2633:
Input:    'his heavy-lidded eyes half-closed, his whole figure relaxed--he looked as if he were on the point of falling asleep on his feet.'
Expected: 'His heavy-lidded eyes half-closed, his whole figure relaxed--he looked as if he were on the point of falling asleep on his feet.'
Actual:   'Hisheavy-liddedeyeshalf-closed,hiswholefigurerelaxed -- helookedasifhewereonthepointoffallingasleeponhisfeet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2634:
Input:    'everything in the world seemed to bore him to tears.'
Expected: 'Everything in the world seemed to bore him to tears.'
Actual:   'Everythingintheworldseemedtoborehimtotears.'
Type: Other error

Error #2635:
Input:    '"all right, jimmy," he said wearily.'
Expected: '"All right, Jimmy," he said wearily.'
Actual:   '``allright,jimmy,''hesaidwearily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2636:
Input:    '"we can't make you squeal if you don't want to.'
Expected: '"We can't make you squeal if you don't want to.'
Actual:   '``wecan'tmakeyousquealifyoudon'twantto.'
Type: Other error

Error #2637:
Input:    'the only thing that struck me was that giving us a bit of help now would cut a lot of ice.'
Expected: 'The only thing that struck me was that giving us a bit of help now would cut a lot of ice.'
Actual:   'Theonlythingthatstruckmewasthatgivingusabitofhelpnowwouldcutalotofice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2638:
Input:    'i mean, we could give you a hand in return--maybe go blind a trifle the next time you skated near trouble." "there won't be a next time," was mattock's uncompromising retort.'
Expected: 'I mean, we could give you a hand in return--maybe go blind a trifle the next time you skated near trouble." "There won't be a next time," was Mattock's uncompromising retort.'
Actual:   'Imean,wecouldgiveyouahandinreturn -- maybegoblindatriflethenexttimeyouskatedneartrouble.'' ``therewon'tbeanexttime,''wasmattock'suncompromisingretort.'
Type: Other error

Error #2639:
Input:    '"all clear, then, jimmy.'
Expected: '"All clear, then, Jimmy.'
Actual:   '``allclear,then,jimmy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2640:
Input:    'but don't forget what i said.'
Expected: 'But don't forget what I said.'
Actual:   'Butdon'tforgetwhatisaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2641:
Input:    'the offer's always open." it seemed to teal that mattock had watched the whole performance with cynical enjoyment, and the clerk's answer verified that impression.'
Expected: 'The offer's always open." It seemed to Teal that Mattock had watched the whole performance with cynical enjoyment, and the clerk's answer verified that impression.'
Actual:   'Theoffer'salwaysopen.'' Itseemedtotealthatmattockhadwatchedthewholeperformancewithcynicalenjoyment,andtheclerk'sanswerverifiedthatimpression.'
Type: Other error

Error #2642:
Input:    '"if _you're_ ever in trouble, teal," he said, "go along to a music-hall manager.'
Expected: '"If _you're_ ever in trouble, Teal," he said, "go along to a music-hall manager.'
Actual:   '``if_you're_everintrouble,teal,''hesaid,``goalongtoamusic-hallmanager.'
Type: Other error

Error #2643:
Input:    'if you get an audition, and your form's up to to-day's, your fortune's made." feeling that he had not had the best of the encounter, teal stalked into the inner office, where detectives were already at work examining the filing cabinets and the drawers of the roll-top desk.'
Expected: 'If you get an audition, and your form's up to to-day's, your fortune's made." Feeling that he had not had the best of the encounter, Teal stalked into the inner office, where detectives were already at work examining the filing cabinets and the drawers of the roll-top desk.'
Actual:   'Ifyougetanaudition,andyourform'suptoto-day's,yourfortune'smade.'' Feelingthathehadnothadthebestoftheencounter,tealstalkedintotheinneroffice,wheredetectiveswerealreadyatworkexaminingthefilingcabinetsandthedrawersoftheroll-topdesk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2644:
Input:    'teal's attention, however, was attracted by the massive safe, and he stood for a time before it, hands in the pockets of his waterproof, his lower jaw functioning monotonously.'
Expected: 'Teal's attention, however, was attracted by the massive safe, and he stood for a time before it, hands in the pockets of his waterproof, his lower jaw functioning monotonously.'
Actual:   'Teal'sattention,however,wasattractedbythemassivesafe,andhestoodforatimebeforeit,handsinthepocketsofhiswaterproof,hislowerjawfunctioningmonotonously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2645:
Input:    'then he turned to one of the men.'
Expected: 'Then he turned to one of the men.'
Actual:   'Thenheturnedtooneofthemen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2646:
Input:    '"has this been touched, topham?" "no, sir." "not a hand been laid on it?" topham appealed to his colleagues, and the reply was a fairly confident negative.'
Expected: '"Has this been touched, Topham?" "No, sir." "Not a hand been laid on it?" Topham appealed to his colleagues, and the reply was a fairly confident negative.'
Actual:   '``hasthisbeentouched,topham?'' ``no,sir.'' ``notahandbeenlaidonit?'' Tophamappealedtohiscolleagues,andthereplywasafairlyconfidentnegative.'
Type: Other error

Error #2647:
Input:    '"of course, it's difficult to swear that nobody's touched it without thinking." teal nodded.'
Expected: '"Of course, it's difficult to swear that nobody's touched it without thinking." Teal nodded.'
Actual:   '``ofcourse,it'sdifficulttoswearthatnobody'stoucheditwithoutthinking.'' Tealnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2648:
Input:    'from his waistcoat pocket he produced a powerful lens in a chamois bag, polished it on his handkerchief, and subjected the surface of the door to a prolonged scrutiny.'
Expected: 'From his waistcoat pocket he produced a powerful lens in a chamois bag, polished it on his handkerchief, and subjected the surface of the door to a prolonged scrutiny.'
Actual:   'Fromhiswaistcoatpocketheproducedapowerfullensinachamoisbag,polisheditonhishandkerchief,andsubjectedthesurfaceofthedoortoaprolongedscrutiny.'
Type: Other error

Error #2649:
Input:    'secondly, he studied the lock, and then he called one of the men over.'
Expected: 'Secondly, he studied the lock, and then he called one of the men over.'
Actual:   'Secondly,hestudiedthelock,andthenhecalledoneofthemenover.'
Type: Other error

Error #2650:
Input:    '"take a look at it," he advised.'
Expected: '"Take a look at it," he advised.'
Actual:   '``takealookatit,''headvised.'
Type: Other error

Error #2651:
Input:    '"now, you see the faint scratches by the keyhole?'
Expected: '"Now, you see the faint scratches by the keyhole?'
Actual:   '``now,youseethefaintscratchesbythekeyhole?'
Type: Other error

Error #2652:
Input:    'd'you notice any new ones?" "two or three," was the result after a short examination.'
Expected: 'D'you notice any new ones?" "Two or three," was the result after a short examination.'
Actual:   'D'younoticeanynewones?'' ``twoorthree,''wastheresultafterashortexamination.'
Type: Other error

Error #2653:
Input:    '"there's also some marks inside the edges of the keyhole itself.'
Expected: '"There's also some marks inside the edges of the keyhole itself.'
Actual:   '``there'salsosomemarksinsidetheedgesofthekeyholeitself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2654:
Input:    'they're all very new; in this weather the brass would tarnish quickly, and these marks are perfectly bright." "would a key be likely to leave those inside scratches?" the man shook his head.'
Expected: 'They're all very new; in this weather the brass would tarnish quickly, and these marks are perfectly bright." "Would a key be likely to leave those inside scratches?" The man shook his head.'
Actual:   'They'reallverynew;inthisweatherthebrasswouldtarnishquickly,andthesemarksareperfectlybright.'' ``wouldakeybelikelytoleavethoseinsidescratches?'' Themanshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2655:
Input:    '"i'm not an expert, sir, but i should say not, unless the original key had been lost and a carelessly made substitute used." "thank you," said teal, and sank upon his knees as if in prayer.'
Expected: '"I'm not an expert, sir, but I should say not, unless the original key had been lost and a carelessly made substitute used." "Thank you," said Teal, and sank upon his knees as if in prayer.'
Actual:   '``i'mnotanexpert,sir,butishouldsaynot,unlesstheoriginalkeyhadbeenlostandacarelesslymadesubstituteused.'' ``thankyou,''saidteal,andsankuponhiskneesasifinprayer.'
Type: Other error

Error #2656:
Input:    'he made a number of deep obeisances before the huge steel box, and then regained his feet with a sigh.'
Expected: 'He made a number of deep obeisances before the huge steel box, and then regained his feet with a sigh.'
Actual:   'Hemadeanumberofdeepobeisancesbeforethehugesteelbox,andthenregainedhisfeetwithasigh.'
Type: Other error

Error #2657:
Input:    '"keep off this bit of carpet," he ordered.'
Expected: '"Keep off this bit of carpet," he ordered.'
Actual:   '``keepoffthisbitofcarpet,''heordered.'
Type: Other error

Error #2658:
Input:    '"we shall want an expert on this." the expert was on the spot within fifteen minutes of teal's telephone summons, and he came to a decision in a very short time.'
Expected: '"We shall want an expert on this." The expert was on the spot within fifteen minutes of Teal's telephone summons, and he came to a decision in a very short time.'
Actual:   '``weshallwantanexpertonthis.'' Theexpertwasonthespotwithinfifteenminutesofteal'stelephonesummons,andhecametoadecisioninaveryshorttime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2659:
Input:    '"this is either prester john's or grantor's work," he pronounced, and teal was too hardened to the daily miracles of the police records department to show any surprise at the definiteness of his holmesian piece of deduction.'
Expected: '"This is either Prester John's or Grantor's work," he pronounced, and Teal was too hardened to the daily miracles of the police records department to show any surprise at the definiteness of his Holmesian piece of deduction.'
Actual:   '``thisiseitherpresterjohn'sorgrantor'swork,''hepronounced,andtealwastoohardenedtothedailymiraclesofthepolicerecordsdepartmenttoshowanysurpriseatthedefinitenessofhisholmesianpieceofdeduction.'
Type: Other error

Error #2660:
Input:    'a number of micro-photographs were taken, and the fine specks of metallic dust which teal had discovered on the carpet in his supplicatory attitude were carefully brushed up and placed in an envelope.'
Expected: 'A number of micro-photographs were taken, and the fine specks of metallic dust which Teal had discovered on the carpet in his supplicatory attitude were carefully brushed up and placed in an envelope.'
Actual:   'Anumberofmicro-photographsweretaken,andthefinespecksofmetallicdustwhichtealhaddiscoveredonthecarpetinhissupplicatoryattitudewerecarefullybrushedupandplacedinanenvelope.'
Type: Other error

Error #2661:
Input:    'the safe was also tested for finger-prints, the expert in that science going over it minutely with his grey powder and camel's hair brush, but nothing whatever rewarded his labours.'
Expected: 'The safe was also tested for finger-prints, the expert in that science going over it minutely with his grey powder and camel's hair brush, but nothing whatever rewarded his labours.'
Actual:   'Thesafewasalsotestedforfinger-prints,theexpertinthatsciencegoingoveritminutelywithhisgreypowderandcamel'shairbrush,butnothingwhateverrewardedhislabours.'
Type: Other error

Error #2662:
Input:    '"the extraordinary thing," he said, "is that there's no mark of any kind.'
Expected: '"The extraordinary thing," he said, "is that there's no mark of any kind.'
Actual:   '``theextraordinarything,''hesaid,``isthatthere'snomarkofanykind.'
Type: Other error

Error #2663:
Input:    'if raegenssen had touched the safe at all recently, he either wore gloves or wiped it with a rag afterwards." in an hour the plates had been developed and compared with similar close-ups classified in the colossal card-index system of the records office, and the unhesitating verdict was phoned through to mr.'
Expected: 'If Raegenssen had touched the safe at all recently, he either wore gloves or wiped it with a rag afterwards." In an hour the plates had been developed and compared with similar close-ups classified in the colossal card-index system of the Records Office, and the unhesitating verdict was phoned through to Mr.'
Actual:   'Ifraegenssenhadtouchedthesafeatallrecently,heeitherworeglovesorwipeditwitharagafterwards.'' Inanhourtheplateshadbeendevelopedandcomparedwithsimilarclose-upsclassifiedinthecolossalcard-indexsystemoftherecordsoffice,andtheunhesitatingverdictwasphonedthroughtoMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2664:
Input:    'the vote went to prester john, and the somnolent detective became a perplexed and irritated man, for the fact upset every single one of his theories and dizzied him completely out of his bearings.'
Expected: 'The vote went to Prester John, and the somnolent detective became a perplexed and irritated man, for the fact upset every single one of his theories and dizzied him completely out of his bearings.'
Actual:   'Thevotewenttopresterjohn,andthesomnolentdetectivebecameaperplexedandirritatedman,forthefactupseteverysingleoneofhistheoriesanddizziedhimcompletelyoutofhisbearings.'
Type: Other error

Error #2665:
Input:    'after three thoughtful slabs of chewing-gum he rang up storm, obtained permission, and then got through to the yard and demanded the attendance of a third expert--a gentleman who in the past years had earned a comfortable income from his knowledge of safes until a false step and a term of confinement at his majesty's expense had exacted from him due labour of hire already received, and (unusually enough) instilled into the said gentleman an enthusiasm for a more restful, if less remunerative and spectacular, employment on the lee side of the law.'
Expected: 'After three thoughtful slabs of chewing-gum he rang up Storm, obtained permission, and then got through to the Yard and demanded the attendance of a third expert--a gentleman who in the past years had earned a comfortable income from his knowledge of safes until a false step and a term of confinement at His Majesty's expense had exacted from him due labour of hire already received, and (unusually enough) instilled into the said gentleman an enthusiasm for a more restful, if less remunerative and spectacular, employment on the lee side of the Law.'
Actual:   'Afterthreethoughtfulslabsofchewing-gumherangupstorm,obtainedpermission,andthengotthroughtotheyardanddemandedtheattendanceofathirdexpert -- agentlemanwhointhepastyearshadearnedacomfortableincomefromhisknowledgeofsafesuntilafalsestepandatermofconfinementathismajesty'sexpensehadexactedfromhimduelabourofhirealreadyreceived,and(unusuallyenough)instilledintothesaidgentlemananenthusiasmforamorerestful,iflessremunerativeandspectacular,employmentontheleesideofthelaw.'
Type: Other error

Error #2666:
Input:    'on occasion, however, the ex-yegg had opportunities for the exercise of his craft without fear of retribution, and this was one of those occasions.'
Expected: 'On occasion, however, the ex-yegg had opportunities for the exercise of his craft without fear of retribution, and this was one of those occasions.'
Actual:   'Onoccasion,however,theex-yegghadopportunitiesfortheexerciseofhiscraftwithoutfearofretribution,andthiswasoneofthoseoccasions.'
Type: Other error

Error #2667:
Input:    '"open that money box," commanded teal without preface, and the expert, after a practised survey, grinned superciliously.'
Expected: '"Open that money box," commanded Teal without preface, and the expert, after a practised survey, grinned superciliously.'
Actual:   '``openthatmoneybox,''commandedtealwithoutpreface,andtheexpert,afterapractisedsurvey,grinnedsuperciliously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2668:
Input:    '"this is degradin' an honourable perfession," he complained.'
Expected: '"This is degradin' an honourable perfession," he complained.'
Actual:   '``thisisdegradin'anhonourableperfession,''hecomplained.'
Type: Other error

Error #2669:
Input:    '"a blind elepeptic palarytic could open this tin wiv an 'air-pin an' a corkscrew.'
Expected: '"A blind elepeptic palarytic could open this tin wiv an 'air-pin an' a corkscrew.'
Actual:   '``ablindelepepticpalaryticcouldopenthistinwivan'air-pinan'acorkscrew.'
Type: Other error

Error #2670:
Input:    'i suppose," went on the uncertain vocabularian, warming to his topic, "it ain't to be dammagid?'
Expected: 'I suppose," went on the uncertain vocabularian, warming to his topic, "it ain't to be dammagid?'
Actual:   'Isuppose,''wentontheuncertainvocabularian,warmingtohistopic,``itain'ttobedammagid?'
Type: Other error

Error #2671:
Input:    'becos, if you ain't particulant, an' there 'appens to be a sardine opener on the presimes----" "get on with it," said the detective testily, for he was not feeling humorous at the moment.'
Expected: 'Becos, if you ain't particulant, an' there 'appens to be a sardine opener on the presimes----" "Get on with it," said the detective testily, for he was not feeling humorous at the moment.'
Actual:   'Becos,ifyouain'tparticulant,an'there'appenstobeasardineopeneronthepresimes --  -- ''``getonwithit,''saidthedetectivetestily,forhewasnotfeelinghumorousatthemoment.'
Type: Other error

Error #2672:
Input:    'the expert got to work with a pained air, first experimenting with three skilfully twisted lengths of steel wire, and then filing a key with the result of his investigations to guide him.'
Expected: 'The expert got to work with a pained air, first experimenting with three skilfully twisted lengths of steel wire, and then filing a key with the result of his investigations to guide him.'
Actual:   'Theexpertgottoworkwithapainedair,firstexperimentingwiththreeskilfullytwistedlengthsofsteelwire,andthenfilingakeywiththeresultofhisinvestigationstoguidehim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2673:
Input:    'at the end of half an hour: "an' 'ere we are.'
Expected: 'At the end of half an hour: "An' 'ere we are.'
Actual:   'Attheendofhalfanhour:``an''ereweare.'
Type: Other error

Error #2674:
Input:    'all chynge for charing cross an' the pink elephant an' castrol.'
Expected: 'All chynge for Charing Cross an' the Pink Elephant an' Castrol.'
Actual:   'Allchyngeforcharingcrossan'thepinkelephantan'castrol.'
Type: Other error

Error #2675:
Input:    'pass dahn the car, please!'
Expected: 'Pass dahn the car, please!'
Actual:   'Passdahnthecar,please!'
Type: Other error

Error #2676:
Input:    'an' i may say, mr.'
Expected: 'An' I may say, Mr.'
Actual:   'An'imaysay,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2677:
Input:    'charman, that a softer crib 'as yet to be builded.'
Expected: 'Charman, that a softer crib 'as yet to be builded.'
Actual:   'Charman,thatasoftercrib'asyettobebuilded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2678:
Input:    'why, if the game 'ad bin so elemtenary in my days, when i was an exterp at the skience, i'd've bin a blinkin' millionanthropist by now, i would.'
Expected: 'Why, if the game 'ad bin so elemtenary in my days, when I was an exterp at the skience, I'd've bin a blinkin' millionanthropist by now, I would.'
Actual:   'Why,ifthegame'adbinsoelemtenaryinmydays,wheniwasanexterpattheskience,i'd'vebinablinkin'millionanthropistbynow,iwould.'
Type: Other error

Error #2679:
Input:    'drivin' abaht myfair in a calabriot, wiv all the flatties touchin' their 'ats to me an' 'opin' i'd put a monkey in their christmas box.'
Expected: 'Drivin' abaht Myfair in a calabriot, wiv all the flatties touchin' their 'ats to me an' 'opin' I'd put a monkey in their Christmas Box.'
Actual:   'Drivin'abahtmyfairinacalabriot,wivalltheflattiestouchin'their'atstomean''opin'i'dputamonkeyintheirchristmasbox.'
Type: Other error

Error #2680:
Input:    'that's the narks all over.'
Expected: 'That's the narks all over.'
Actual:   'That'sthenarksallover.'
Type: Other error

Error #2681:
Input:    'one lore for the rich an' another fer the porous.'
Expected: 'One lore for the rich an' another fer the porous.'
Actual:   'Onelorefortherichan'anotherfertheporous.'
Type: Other error

Error #2682:
Input:    'an' no gratootooies--'cept from those 'oo make them big enough." he regarded the confounded detective in wonder.'
Expected: 'An' no gratootooies--'cept from those 'oo make them big enough." He regarded the confounded detective in wonder.'
Actual:   'An'nogratootooies -- 'ceptfromthose'oomakethembigenough.'' Heregardedtheconfoundeddetectiveinwonder.'
Type: Other error

Error #2683:
Input:    '"well, well, mr.'
Expected: '"Well, well, Mr.'
Actual:   '``well,well,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2684:
Input:    'teal--wot's the matter?'
Expected: 'Teal--wot's the matter?'
Actual:   'Teal -- wot'sthematter?'
Type: Other error

Error #2685:
Input:    'ain't nothink there?'
Expected: 'Ain't nothink there?'
Actual:   'Ain'tnothinkthere?'
Type: Other error

Error #2686:
Input:    'well, wot did jer expect ter find?'
Expected: 'Well, wot did jer expect ter find?'
Actual:   'Well,wotdidjerexpectterfind?'
Type: Other error

Error #2687:
Input:    'a leopotamosceraffe or a box o' pink pills?'
Expected: 'A leopotamosceraffe or a box o' pink pills?'
Actual:   'Aleopotamosceraffeoraboxo'pinkpills?'
Type: Other error

Error #2688:
Input:    'this ain't masculine's, yer know.'
Expected: 'This ain't Masculine's, yer know.'
Actual:   'Thisain'tmasculine's,yerknow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2689:
Input:    'no conjuratin' in this gallery." "shut up, nosey," said teal rudely.'
Expected: 'No conjuratin' in this gallery." "Shut up, Nosey," said Teal rudely.'
Actual:   'Noconjuratin'inthisgallery.'' ``shutup,nosey,''saidtealrudely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2690:
Input:    '"you can leg it now--we shan't want you any more.'
Expected: '"You can leg it now--we shan't want you any more.'
Actual:   '``youcanlegitnow -- weshan'twantyouanymore.'
Type: Other error

Error #2691:
Input:    'oh, leave that key behind you.'
Expected: 'Oh, leave that key behind you.'
Actual:   'Oh,leavethatkeybehindyou.'
Type: Other error

Error #2692:
Input:    'i want to shut this thing up again when i've finished." when the "exterp" had taken his departure teal sat back on the desk and stared at the open safe.'
Expected: 'I want to shut this thing up again when I've finished." When the "exterp" had taken his departure Teal sat back on the desk and stared at the open safe.'
Actual:   'Iwanttoshutthisthingupagainwheni'vefinished.'' Whenthe``exterp''hadtakenhisdeparturetealsatbackonthedeskandstaredattheopensafe.'
Type: Other error

Error #2693:
Input:    'empty, vacuously empty, it stared back at him--one of the most annoying voids he had ever seen.'
Expected: 'Empty, vacuously empty, it stared back at him--one of the most annoying voids he had ever seen.'
Actual:   'Empty,vacuouslyempty,itstaredbackathim -- oneofthemostannoyingvoidshehadeverseen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2694:
Input:    'the rows of steel shelves were bare.'
Expected: 'The rows of steel shelves were bare.'
Actual:   'Therowsofsteelshelveswerebare.'
Type: Other error

Error #2695:
Input:    'the only souvenir that prester john had left behind him was the cardboard replica of the triangle badge which teal had managed to conceal from the roving eye of the ex-yegg.'
Expected: 'The only souvenir that Prester John had left behind him was the cardboard replica of the Triangle badge which Teal had managed to conceal from the roving eye of the ex-yegg.'
Actual:   'Theonlysouvenirthatpresterjohnhadleftbehindhimwasthecardboardreplicaofthetrianglebadgewhichtealhadmanagedtoconcealfromtherovingeyeoftheex-yegg.'
Type: Other error

Error #2696:
Input:    'teal went back to the outer office and interrupted mattock from the work of balancing a bulky ledger.'
Expected: 'Teal went back to the outer office and interrupted Mattock from the work of balancing a bulky ledger.'
Actual:   'Tealwentbacktotheouterofficeandinterruptedmattockfromtheworkofbalancingabulkyledger.'
Type: Other error

Error #2697:
Input:    '"when were you last here?" demanded the detective.'
Expected: '"When were you last here?" demanded the detective.'
Actual:   '``whenwereyoulasthere?'' Demandedthedetective.'
Type: Other error

Error #2698:
Input:    '"yesterday," said mattock, without looking up.'
Expected: '"Yesterday," said Mattock, without looking up.'
Actual:   '``yesterday,''saidmattock,withoutlookingup.'
Type: Other error

Error #2699:
Input:    '"did you go into that inner office?" "yes." "what time was this?" "about eleven-thirty." "p.'
Expected: '"Did you go into that inner office?" "Yes." "What time was this?" "About eleven-thirty." "P.'
Actual:   '``didyougointothatinneroffice?'' ``yes.'' ``whattimewasthis?'' ``abouteleven-thirty.'' ``p.'
Type: Other error

Error #2700:
Input:    'm.?" asked teal sleepily.'
Expected: 'm.?" asked Teal sleepily.'
Actual:   'M.?'' Askedtealsleepily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2701:
Input:    'mattock raised his eyes with a tired expression.'
Expected: 'Mattock raised his eyes with a tired expression.'
Actual:   'Mattockraisedhiseyeswithatiredexpression.'
Type: Other error

Error #2702:
Input:    '"oh, are you still here?" he sighed.'
Expected: '"Oh, are you still here?" he sighed.'
Actual:   '``oh,areyoustillhere?'' Hesighed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2703:
Input:    '"pip emma?" repeated teal.'
Expected: '"Pip emma?" repeated Teal.'
Actual:   '``pipemma?'' Repeatedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2704:
Input:    'mattock closed the ledger and pushed back his chair.'
Expected: 'Mattock closed the ledger and pushed back his chair.'
Actual:   'Mattockclosedtheledgerandpushedbackhischair.'
Type: Other error

Error #2705:
Input:    'his face was a picture of long-suffering tolerance.'
Expected: 'His face was a picture of long-suffering tolerance.'
Actual:   'Hisfacewasapictureoflong-sufferingtolerance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2706:
Input:    '"is this a new kind of round game?" he inquired politely.'
Expected: '"Is this a new kind of round game?" he inquired politely.'
Actual:   '``isthisanewkindofroundgame?'' Heinquiredpolitely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2707:
Input:    '"because, if so, can't you get a detective or some other imbecile to play with you?" "no--you'll do.'
Expected: '"Because, if so, can't you get a detective or some other imbecile to play with you?" "No--you'll do.'
Actual:   '``because,ifso,can'tyougetadetectiveorsomeotherimbeciletoplaywithyou?'' ``no -- you'lldo.'
Type: Other error

Error #2708:
Input:    'is prester john a friend of yours?" "i seem to have read about him.'
Expected: 'Is Prester John a friend of yours?" "I seem to have read about him.'
Actual:   'Ispresterjohnafriendofyours?'' ``iseemtohavereadabouthim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2709:
Input:    'did he write a book or something?" teal played his penultimate card.'
Expected: 'Did he write a book or something?" Teal played his penultimate card.'
Actual:   'Didhewriteabookorsomething?'' Tealplayedhispenultimatecard.'
Type: Other error

Error #2710:
Input:    'he leaned over the desk and addressed mattock in a confidential undertone.'
Expected: 'He leaned over the desk and addressed Mattock in a confidential undertone.'
Actual:   'Heleanedoverthedeskandaddressedmattockinaconfidentialundertone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2711:
Input:    '"listen here," he said.'
Expected: '"Listen here," he said.'
Actual:   '``listenhere,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2712:
Input:    '"joan's in the triangle--you know that, don't you?'
Expected: '"Joan's in the Triangle--you know that, don't you?'
Actual:   '``joan'sinthetriangle -- youknowthat,don'tyou?'
Type: Other error

Error #2713:
Input:    'and you're fond of a joan.'
Expected: 'And you're fond of a Joan.'
Actual:   'Andyou'refondofajoan.'
Type: Other error

Error #2714:
Input:    'a nice kid.'
Expected: 'A nice kid.'
Actual:   'Anicekid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2715:
Input:    'it's only circumstances make a crook of her.'
Expected: 'It's only circumstances make a crook of her.'
Actual:   'It'sonlycircumstancesmakeacrookofher.'
Type: Other error

Error #2716:
Input:    'i'd hate to see her follow the rest of the triangle into stir, and she will, in time, if one of you hasn't a pull somewhere.'
Expected: 'I'd hate to see her follow the rest of the Triangle into stir, and she will, in time, if one of you hasn't a pull somewhere.'
Actual:   'I'dhatetoseeherfollowtherestofthetriangleintostir,andshewill,intime,ifoneofyouhasn'tapullsomewhere.'
Type: Other error

Error #2717:
Input:    'you're independent now, but i guess there's a day coming when you'll be glad of a friend or two on the embankment.".'
Expected: 'You're independent now, but I guess there's a day coming when you'll be glad of a friend or two on the Embankment.".'
Actual:   'You'reindependentnow,butiguessthere'sadaycomingwhenyou'llbegladofafriendortwoontheembankment. ``.'
Type: Other error

Error #2718:
Input:    'mattock studied his finger-nails.'
Expected: 'Mattock studied his finger-nails.'
Actual:   'Mattockstudiedhisfinger-nails.'
Type: Other error

Error #2719:
Input:    '"when we sink as low as that," he said carefully, "i'll let you know." inspector teal straightened himself and shrugged.'
Expected: '"When we sink as low as that," he said carefully, "I'll let you know." Inspector Teal straightened himself and shrugged.'
Actual:   '``whenwesinkaslowasthat,''hesaidcarefully,``i'llletyouknow.'' Inspectortealstraightenedhimselfandshrugged.'
Type: Other error

Error #2720:
Input:    'he walked over to the door of the inner office and called one of his men, and together they returned to the clerk.'
Expected: 'He walked over to the door of the inner office and called one of his men, and together they returned to the clerk.'
Actual:   'Hewalkedovertothedooroftheinnerofficeandcalledoneofhismen,andtogethertheyreturnedtotheclerk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2721:
Input:    '"arrest that man," said teal, and mattock rose to his feet with a charming smile.'
Expected: '"Arrest that man," said Teal, and Mattock rose to his feet with a charming smile.'
Actual:   '``arrestthatman,''saidteal,andmattockrosetohisfeetwithacharmingsmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #2722:
Input:    '"the charge?" he asked pleasantly.'
Expected: '"The charge?" he asked pleasantly.'
Actual:   '``thecharge?'' Heaskedpleasantly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2723:
Input:    '"burglary and assault at the house of oscar raegenssen on the fourteenth instant.'
Expected: '"Burglary and assault at the house of Oscar Raegenssen on the fourteenth instant.'
Actual:   '``burglaryandassaultatthehouseofoscarraegenssenonthefourteenthinstant.'
Type: Other error

Error #2724:
Input:    'accessory before and after the fact in the burglary committed in this office last night.'
Expected: 'Accessory before and after the fact in the burglary committed in this office last night.'
Actual:   'Accessorybeforeandafterthefactintheburglarycommittedinthisofficelastnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2725:
Input:    'suspected of concealing knowledge of the whereabouts of oscar raegenssen, who is wanted on a warrant issued last night.'
Expected: 'Suspected of concealing knowledge of the whereabouts of Oscar Raegenssen, who is wanted on a warrant issued last night.'
Actual:   'Suspectedofconcealingknowledgeofthewhereaboutsofoscarraegenssen,whoiswantedonawarrantissuedlastnight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2726:
Input:    'i warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used as evidence against you." mattock bowed.'
Expected: 'I warn you that anything you say may be taken down and used as evidence against you." Mattock bowed.'
Actual:   'Iwarnyouthatanythingyousaymaybetakendownandusedasevidenceagainstyou.'' Mattockbowed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2727:
Input:    '"thanks for being so lucid.'
Expected: '"Thanks for being so lucid.'
Actual:   '``thanksforbeingsolucid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2728:
Input:    'but you've got the last part of it wrong, you know.'
Expected: 'But you've got the last part of it wrong, you know.'
Actual:   'Butyou'vegotthelastpartofitwrong,youknow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2729:
Input:    'the correct formula is, _used as evidence at your trial_." "as evidence at your trial," teal corrected himself testily.'
Expected: 'The correct formula is, _used as evidence at your trial_." "As evidence at your trial," Teal corrected himself testily.'
Actual:   'Thecorrectformulais,_usedasevidenceatyourtrial_.'' ``asevidenceatyourtrial,''tealcorrectedhimselftestily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2730:
Input:    '"take him away." "one moment." mattock stopped him.'
Expected: '"Take him away." "One moment." Mattock stopped him.'
Actual:   '``takehimaway.'' ``onemoment.'' Mattockstoppedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2731:
Input:    '"the third charge falls to the ground, naturally.'
Expected: '"The third charge falls to the ground, naturally.'
Actual:   '``thethirdchargefallstotheground,naturally.'
Type: Other error

Error #2732:
Input:    'you've only asked me about raegenssen's past movements--not about his present whereabouts." "that'll keep," said teal viciously.'
Expected: 'You've only asked me about Raegenssen's past movements--not about his present whereabouts." "That'll keep," said Teal viciously.'
Actual:   'You'veonlyaskedmeaboutraegenssen'spastmovements -- notabouthispresentwhereabouts.'' ``that'llkeep,''saidtealviciously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2733:
Input:    '"try it on the jury." he was feeling rather fed up with mattock's imperturbable assurance.'
Expected: '"Try it on the jury." He was feeling rather fed up with Mattock's imperturbable assurance.'
Actual:   '``tryitonthejury.'' Hewasfeelingratherfedupwithmattock'simperturbableassurance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2734:
Input:    'they took mattock to headquarters, and the formal charge was made.'
Expected: 'They took Mattock to Headquarters, and the formal charge was made.'
Actual:   'Theytookmattocktoheadquarters,andtheformalchargewasmade.'
Type: Other error

Error #2735:
Input:    'the same mocking tolerance permeated the man's demeanour when the usual questions were asked.'
Expected: 'The same mocking tolerance permeated the man's demeanour when the usual questions were asked.'
Actual:   'Thesamemockingtolerancepermeatedtheman'sdemeanourwhentheusualquestionswereasked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2736:
Input:    '"name?" "james norman mattock." "age?" "fifty-seven years, eight months, one week, four days"--he looked at his watch--"eleven hours and about forty minutes." "address?" "i decline to answer that question." his tone encouraged no insistence on the inquiry, and they let it go at that.'
Expected: '"Name?" "James Norman Mattock." "Age?" "Fifty-seven years, eight months, one week, four days"--he looked at his watch--"eleven hours and about forty minutes." "Address?" "I decline to answer that question." His tone encouraged no insistence on the inquiry, and they let it go at that.'
Actual:   '``name?'' ``jamesnormanmattock.'' ``age?'' ``fifty-sevenyears,eightmonths,oneweek,fourdays'' -- helookedathiswatch -- ''elevenhoursandaboutfortyminutes.'' ``address?'' ``ideclinetoanswerthatquestion.'' Histoneencouragednoinsistenceontheinquiry,andtheyletitgoatthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #2737:
Input:    'they were taking him to his cell when he called inspector teal.'
Expected: 'They were taking him to his cell when he called Inspector Teal.'
Actual:   'Theyweretakinghimtohiscellwhenhecalledinspectorteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2738:
Input:    '"i suppose i'll have to stop behind bars for a bit to satisfy your vanity," he said, "but i don't want it to be too long.'
Expected: '"I suppose I'll have to stop behind bars for a bit to satisfy your vanity," he said, "but I don't want it to be too long.'
Actual:   '``isupposei'llhavetostopbehindbarsforabittosatisfyyourvanity,''hesaid,``butidon'twantittobetoolong.'
Type: Other error

Error #2739:
Input:    'so you might get hold of captain arden when you have the chance, and ask him if he'll see me." "i'll find out how his temper is this morning," teal promised him, and mattock passed on with a courteous word of thanks.'
Expected: 'So you might get hold of Captain Arden when you have the chance, and ask him if he'll see me." "I'll find out how his temper is this morning," Teal promised him, and Mattock passed on with a courteous word of thanks.'
Actual:   'Soyoumightgetholdofcaptainardenwhenyouhavethechance,andaskhimifhe'llseeme.'' ``i'llfindouthowhistemperisthismorning,''tealpromisedhim,andmattockpassedonwithacourteouswordofthanks.'
Type: Other error

Error #2740:
Input:    'in storm's room, however, the detective found something else to occupy his mind, and it temporarily eclipsed his concern as to the fate of james norman mattock.'
Expected: 'In Storm's room, however, the detective found something else to occupy his mind, and it temporarily eclipsed his concern as to the fate of James Norman Mattock.'
Actual:   'Instorm'sroom,however,thedetectivefoundsomethingelsetooccupyhismind,andittemporarilyeclipsedhisconcernastothefateofjamesnormanmattock.'
Type: Other error

Error #2741:
Input:    '"i've got hold of a copy of the deed of sale of that sawmill," kit said.'
Expected: '"I've got hold of a copy of the deed of sale of that sawmill," Kit said.'
Actual:   '``i'vegotholdofacopyofthedeedofsaleofthatsawmill,''kitsaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2742:
Input:    '"it's signed by raegenssen, more or less, but there's something wrong with the signature--it doesn't agree with the writing on the papers they brought in from his office.'
Expected: '"It's signed by Raegenssen, more or less, but there's something wrong with the signature--it doesn't agree with the writing on the papers they brought in from his office.'
Actual:   '``it'ssignedbyraegenssen,moreorless,butthere'ssomethingwrongwiththesignature -- itdoesn'tagreewiththewritingonthepaperstheybroughtinfromhisoffice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2743:
Input:    'men with two handwritings make me take notice!" teal looked at the parchment, and particularly at the date.'
Expected: 'Men with two handwritings make me take notice!" Teal looked at the parchment, and particularly at the date.'
Actual:   'Menwithtwohandwritingsmakemetakenotice!'' Teallookedattheparchment,andparticularlyatthedate.'
Type: Other error

Error #2744:
Input:    '"two months ago.'
Expected: '"Two months ago.'
Actual:   '``twomonthsago.'
Type: Other error

Error #2745:
Input:    'that's about when the reformation set in," he observed.'
Expected: 'That's about when the reformation set in," he observed.'
Actual:   'That'saboutwhenthereformationsetin,''heobserved.'
Type: Other error

Error #2746:
Input:    'in the city and continental office, joe blaythwayt was inclined to be taciturn about his client's business until the importance of his coperation was pointed out to him, and duly signed authorisation produced.'
Expected: 'In the City and Continental office, Joe Blaythwayt was inclined to be taciturn about his client's business until the importance of his coperation was pointed out to him, and duly signed authorisation produced.'
Actual:   'Inthecityandcontinentaloffice,joeblaythwaytwasinclinedtobetaciturnabouthisclient'sbusinessuntiltheimportanceofhiscoperationwaspointedouttohim,anddulysignedauthorisationproduced.'
Type: Other error

Error #2747:
Input:    '"no, that's not his ordinary signature," he said as soon as he saw the conveyance.'
Expected: '"No, that's not his ordinary signature," he said as soon as he saw the conveyance.'
Actual:   '``no,that'snothisordinarysignature,''hesaidassoonashesawtheconveyance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2748:
Input:    '"i'll get you some genuine specimens." he returned almost immediately with a bundle of cancelled cheques, and these storm compared with the signature of the deed.'
Expected: '"I'll get you some genuine specimens." He returned almost immediately with a bundle of cancelled cheques, and these Storm compared with the signature of the deed.'
Actual:   '``i'llgetyousomegenuinespecimens.'' Hereturnedalmostimmediatelywithabundleofcancelledcheques,andthesestormcomparedwiththesignatureofthedeed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2749:
Input:    'the two were totally dissimilar.'
Expected: 'The two were totally dissimilar.'
Actual:   'Thetwoweretotallydissimilar.'
Type: Other error

Error #2750:
Input:    'whereas the writing on the parchment was small and neat, all the cheques were signed in a thick, sprawling hand.'
Expected: 'Whereas the writing on the parchment was small and neat, all the cheques were signed in a thick, sprawling hand.'
Actual:   'Whereasthewritingontheparchmentwassmallandneat,allthechequesweresignedinathick,sprawlinghand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2751:
Input:    'the latest cheque attracted his attention for another reason.'
Expected: 'The latest cheque attracted his attention for another reason.'
Actual:   'Thelatestchequeattractedhisattentionforanotherreason.'
Type: Other error

Error #2752:
Input:    '"that's a lot of money to draw in cash," he remarked.'
Expected: '"That's a lot of money to draw in cash," he remarked.'
Actual:   '``that'salotofmoneytodrawincash,''heremarked.'
Type: Other error

Error #2753:
Input:    '"how did he take it?" "fivers.'
Expected: '"How did he take it?" "Fivers.'
Actual:   '``howdidhetakeit?'' ``fivers.'
Type: Other error

Error #2754:
Input:    'it wasn't the first time--i think you'll find two others made out for large sums, though that one is easy the largest he's ever put through." teal nodded.'
Expected: 'It wasn't the first time--I think you'll find two others made out for large sums, though that one is easy the largest he's ever put through." Teal nodded.'
Actual:   'Itwasn'tthefirsttime -- ithinkyou'llfindtwoothersmadeoutforlargesums,thoughthatoneiseasythelargesthe'severputthrough.'' Tealnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2755:
Input:    '"one way he is triangular, the other way he isn't," he said peevishly.'
Expected: '"One way he is Triangular, the other way he isn't," he said peevishly.'
Actual:   '``onewayheistriangular,theotherwayheisn't,''hesaidpeevishly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2756:
Input:    '"that man's the two horns of a fat dilemma, all right.'
Expected: '"That man's the two horns of a fat dilemma, all right.'
Actual:   '``thatman'sthetwohornsofafatdilemma,allright.'
Type: Other error

Error #2757:
Input:    'that sawmill wasn't really his, then!" storm rang up the other party to the sale, and found him after some trouble--the managing director of a firm of paper manufacturers with an office close by.'
Expected: 'That sawmill wasn't really his, then!" Storm rang up the other party to the sale, and found him after some trouble--the managing director of a firm of paper manufacturers with an office close by.'
Actual:   'Thatsawmillwasn'treallyhis,then!'' Stormranguptheotherpartytothesale,andfoundhimaftersometrouble -- themanagingdirectorofafirmofpapermanufacturerswithanofficecloseby.'
Type: Other error

Error #2758:
Input:    'having found that the man was disengaged, teal and he went round and interviewed him.'
Expected: 'Having found that the man was disengaged, Teal and he went round and interviewed him.'
Actual:   'Havingfoundthatthemanwasdisengaged,tealandhewentroundandinterviewedhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2759:
Input:    'the result was not satisfactory.'
Expected: 'The result was not satisfactory.'
Actual:   'Theresultwasnotsatisfactory.'
Type: Other error

Error #2760:
Input:    '"i remember the transaction distinctly; i should have remembered it, anyway, even if it hadn't been so recent, because of the way payment was made." "how?" asked teal perfunctorily, for the trial did not seem to him to be leading anywhere.'
Expected: '"I remember the transaction distinctly; I should have remembered it, anyway, even if it hadn't been so recent, because of the way payment was made." "How?" asked Teal perfunctorily, for the trial did not seem to him to be leading anywhere.'
Actual:   '``irememberthetransactiondistinctly;ishouldhaverememberedit,anyway,evenifithadn'tbeensorecent,becauseofthewaypaymentwasmade.'' ``how?'' Askedtealperfunctorily,forthetrialdidnotseemtohimtobeleadinganywhere.'
Type: Other error

Error #2761:
Input:    '"in notes of four different countries," was the reply.'
Expected: '"In notes of four different countries," was the reply.'
Actual:   '``innotesoffourdifferentcountries,''wasthereply.'
Type: Other error

Error #2762:
Input:    '"all denominations, big and small.'
Expected: '"All denominations, big and small.'
Actual:   '``alldenominations,bigandsmall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2763:
Input:    'united states dollars, the new reichmarks, spanish pesetas, and italian lire.'
Expected: 'United States dollars, the new Reichmarks, Spanish pesetas, and Italian lire.'
Actual:   'Unitedstatesdollars,thenewreichmarks,spanishpesetas,anditalianlire.'
Type: Other error

Error #2764:
Input:    'i didn't want to take them because of the exchange risk--something considerable in a sum as long as this one--but he promptly added a five per cent.'
Expected: 'I didn't want to take them because of the Exchange risk--something considerable in a sum as long as this one--but he promptly added a five per cent.'
Actual:   'Ididn'twanttotakethembecauseoftheexchangerisk -- somethingconsiderableinasumaslongasthisone -- buthepromptlyaddedafivepercent.'
Type: Other error

Error #2765:
Input:    'allowance to cover that." "that must have cost him something." the director nodded.'
Expected: 'allowance to cover that." "That must have cost him something." The director nodded.'
Actual:   'Allowancetocoverthat.'' ``thatmusthavecosthimsomething.'' Thedirectornodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2766:
Input:    '"next, i was afraid of forgeries, but there again he met me.'
Expected: '"Next, I was afraid of forgeries, but there again he met me.'
Actual:   '``next,iwasafraidofforgeries,butthereagainhemetme.'
Type: Other error

Error #2767:
Input:    'he went round with me to the bank and was present while the notes were examined and passed." teal, interested, suspended chewing for a moment while he put a question.'
Expected: 'He went round with me to the bank and was present while the notes were examined and passed." Teal, interested, suspended chewing for a moment while he put a question.'
Actual:   'Hewentroundwithmetothebankandwaspresentwhilethenoteswereexaminedandpassed.'' Teal,interested,suspendedchewingforamomentwhileheputaquestion.'
Type: Other error

Error #2768:
Input:    '"hard to describe," said the director.'
Expected: '"Hard to describe," said the director.'
Actual:   '``hardtodescribe,''saidthedirector.'
Type: Other error

Error #2769:
Input:    '"nothing noticeable about him, except his height.'
Expected: '"Nothing noticeable about him, except his height.'
Actual:   '``nothingnoticeableabouthim,excepthisheight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2770:
Input:    'past middle age, i should say.'
Expected: 'Past middle age, I should say.'
Actual:   'Pastmiddleage,ishouldsay.'
Type: Other error

Error #2771:
Input:    'grey hair, eyes light blue, lined face, walked like a much younger man.'
Expected: 'Grey hair, eyes light blue, lined face, walked like a much younger man.'
Actual:   'Greyhair,eyeslightblue,linedface,walkedlikeamuchyoungerman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2772:
Input:    'very well built, small iron-grey moustache----" "beard?" "no." "any kind of accent?" "none at all.'
Expected: 'Very well built, small iron-grey moustache----" "Beard?" "No." "Any kind of accent?" "None at all.'
Actual:   'Verywellbuilt,smalliron-greymoustache --  -- ''``beard?'' ``no.'' ``anykindofaccent?'' ``noneatall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2773:
Input:    'he spoke english perfectly.'
Expected: 'He spoke English perfectly.'
Actual:   'Hespokeenglishperfectly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2774:
Input:    'i'd take my oath he was an englishman." "raegenssen himself without face fungus!" exclaimed teal.'
Expected: 'I'd take my oath he was an Englishman." "Raegenssen himself without face fungus!" exclaimed Teal.'
Actual:   'I'dtakemyoathhewasanenglishman.'' ``raegenssenhimselfwithoutfacefungus!'' Exclaimedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2775:
Input:    '"i always thought that accent of his was a fake--it sounded too much like the cheap revue idea of a dutchman.'
Expected: '"I always thought that accent of his was a fake--it sounded too much like the cheap revue idea of a Dutchman.'
Actual:   '``ialwaysthoughtthataccentofhiswasafake -- itsoundedtoomuchlikethecheaprevueideaofadutchman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2776:
Input:    'it was raegenssen." "or mattock cleverly padded," added the sceptical kit.'
Expected: 'It was Raegenssen." "Or Mattock cleverly padded," added the sceptical Kit.'
Actual:   'Itwasraegenssen.'' ``ormattockcleverlypadded,''addedthescepticalkit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2777:
Input:    '"if you were going to do a deal in my name wouldn't you try to make up to look like me in a general description?" the mention of mattock recalled to teal his prisoner's request, and he would have mentioned it as they returned to the yard, but storm was already off on another tack.'
Expected: '"If you were going to do a deal in my name wouldn't you try to make up to look like me in a general description?" The mention of Mattock recalled to Teal his prisoner's request, and he would have mentioned it as they returned to the Yard, but Storm was already off on another tack.'
Actual:   '``ifyouweregoingtodoadealinmynamewouldn'tyoutrytomakeuptolooklikemeinageneraldescription?'' Thementionofmattockrecalledtotealhisprisoner'srequest,andhewouldhavementioneditastheyreturnedtotheyard,butstormwasalreadyoffonanothertack.'
Type: Other error

Error #2778:
Input:    '"you remember miss hawthorne told me over the phone she'd recognised someone in that getaway?'
Expected: '"You remember Miss Hawthorne told me over the phone she'd recognised someone in that getaway?'
Actual:   '``youremembermisshawthornetoldmeoverthephoneshe'drecognisedsomeoneinthatgetaway?'
Type: Other error

Error #2779:
Input:    'well, she won't pass the glad news on unless i promise she's to have a part in the play.'
Expected: 'Well, she won't pass the glad news on unless I promise she's to have a part in the play.'
Actual:   'Well,shewon'tpassthegladnewsonunlessipromiseshe'stohaveapartintheplay.'
Type: Other error

Error #2780:
Input:    'rat all women!" "arrest her as an accessory," suggested teal sardonically.'
Expected: 'Rat all women!" "Arrest her as an accessory," suggested Teal sardonically.'
Actual:   'Ratallwomen!'' ``arrestherasanaccessory,''suggestedtealsardonically.'
Type: Other error

Error #2781:
Input:    '"i'd be happier if she was inside!'
Expected: '"I'd be happier if she was inside!'
Actual:   '``i'dbehappierifshewasinside!'
Type: Other error

Error #2782:
Input:    '_kill h_....'
Expected: '_Kill H_....'
Actual:   '_killh_....'
Type: Other error

Error #2783:
Input:    'teal, if you go down and break the neck of that constable who fell over himself last night i'll guarantee to rescue you from the gallows!'
Expected: 'Teal, if you go down and break the neck of that constable who fell over himself last night I'll guarantee to rescue you from the gallows!'
Actual:   'Teal,ifyougodownandbreaktheneckofthatconstablewhofelloverhimselflastnighti'llguaranteetorescueyoufromthegallows!'
Type: Other error

Error #2784:
Input:    'he's put everything back by weeks.'
Expected: 'He's put everything back by weeks.'
Actual:   'He'sputeverythingbackbyweeks.'
Type: Other error

Error #2785:
Input:    'by the way, did that ad.'
Expected: 'By the way, did that ad.'
Actual:   'Bytheway,didthatad.'
Type: Other error

Error #2786:
Input:    'go in the _era_?" "to-morrow," said teal.'
Expected: 'go in the _Era_?" "To-morrow," said Teal.'
Actual:   'Gointhe_era_?'' ``to-morrow,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2787:
Input:    '"i put it over on birdie all right.'
Expected: '"I put it over on Birdie all right.'
Actual:   '``iputitoveronbirdieallright.'
Type: Other error

Error #2788:
Input:    'mattock said i was a great actor," he added reminiscently, and recollected his promise.'
Expected: 'Mattock said I was a great actor," he added reminiscently, and recollected his promise.'
Actual:   'Mattocksaidiwasagreatactor,''headdedreminiscently,andrecollectedhispromise.'
Type: Other error

Error #2789:
Input:    'teal waited in the charge room while storm paid a visit to the clerk's cell, and picked up a newspaper to while away the time.'
Expected: 'Teal waited in the charge room while Storm paid a visit to the clerk's cell, and picked up a newspaper to while away the time.'
Actual:   'Tealwaitedinthechargeroomwhilestormpaidavisittotheclerk'scell,andpickedupanewspapertowhileawaythetime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2790:
Input:    'in those days the press was so full of the triangle that most other information was crowded away into obscure paragraphs in small type which few people ever read.'
Expected: 'In those days the Press was so full of the Triangle that most other information was crowded away into obscure paragraphs in small type which few people ever read.'
Actual:   'Inthosedaysthepresswassofullofthetrianglethatmostotherinformationwascrowdedawayintoobscureparagraphsinsmalltypewhichfewpeopleeverread.'
Type: Other error

Error #2791:
Input:    'teal, having a single-track mind, rarely had time to assimilate any news which did not bear directly on the case in hand, and politics concerned him not at all.'
Expected: 'Teal, having a single-track mind, rarely had time to assimilate any news which did not bear directly on the case in hand, and politics concerned him not at all.'
Actual:   'Teal,havingasingle-trackmind,rarelyhadtimetoassimilateanynewswhichdidnotbeardirectlyonthecaseinhand,andpoliticsconcernedhimnotatall.'
Type: Other error

Error #2792:
Input:    'but he already knew the triangle news by heart, and the second manifesto was by then as familiar to him as his own face.'
Expected: 'But he already knew the Triangle news by heart, and the second manifesto was by then as familiar to him as his own face.'
Actual:   'Buthealreadyknewthetrianglenewsbyheart,andthesecondmanifestowasbythenasfamiliartohimashisownface.'
Type: Other error

Error #2793:
Input:    'consequently, he broke his usual habits and cast an eye over the other happenings of the world.'
Expected: 'Consequently, he broke his usual habits and cast an eye over the other happenings of the world.'
Actual:   'Consequently,hebrokehisusualhabitsandcastaneyeovertheotherhappeningsoftheworld.'
Type: Other error

Error #2794:
Input:    'and one section fairly leapt to his eye.'
Expected: 'And one section fairly leapt to his eye.'
Actual:   'Andonesectionfairlyleapttohiseye.'
Type: Other error

Error #2795:
Input:    'death of a great scientist deported austrian chemist commits suicide uncompleted work (_daily mercury special correspondent_) vienna, tuesday, june 3rd.'
Expected: 'DEATH OF A GREAT SCIENTIST DEPORTED AUSTRIAN CHEMIST COMMITS SUICIDE UNCOMPLETED WORK (_Daily Mercury Special Correspondent_) VIENNA, Tuesday, June 3rd.'
Actual:   'Deathofagreatscientistdeportedaustrianchemistcommitssuicideuncompletedwork(_dailymercuryspecialcorrespondent_)vienna,tuesday,june3rd.'
Type: Other error

Error #2796:
Input:    'a drama of real life is locked up in the news of the death of the austrian scientist, carl schewesen, who was deported from england some years ago.'
Expected: 'A drama of real life is locked up in the news of the death of the Austrian scientist, Carl Schewesen, who was deported from England some years ago.'
Actual:   'Adramaofreallifeislockedupinthenewsofthedeathoftheaustrianscientist,carlschewesen,whowasdeportedfromenglandsomeyearsago.'
Type: Other error

Error #2797:
Input:    'schewesen's clothes were found on the banks of the danube, together with a note explaining that he was taking what seemed to him to be the only way out of a hopeless existence.'
Expected: 'Schewesen's clothes were found on the banks of the Danube, together with a note explaining that he was taking what seemed to him to be the only way out of a hopeless existence.'
Actual:   'Schewesen'sclotheswerefoundonthebanksofthedanube,togetherwithanoteexplainingthathewastakingwhatseemedtohimtobetheonlywayoutofahopelessexistence.'
Type: Other error

Error #2798:
Input:    'schewesen was known to have been making researches into the possibility of stabilising nitrogen trichloride (ncl3), the most powerful explosive known to science, but, as far as contemporary methods of preparation have progressed, entirely without practical use, since even particles of dust settling upon it from the atmosphere are sufficient to detonate it.'
Expected: 'Schewesen was known to have been making researches into the possibility of stabilising Nitrogen Trichloride (NCl3), the most powerful explosive known to science, but, as far as contemporary methods of preparation have progressed, entirely without practical use, since even particles of dust settling upon it from the atmosphere are sufficient to detonate it.'
Actual:   'Schewesenwasknowntohavebeenmakingresearchesintothepossibilityofstabilisingnitrogentrichloride(ncl3),themostpowerfulexplosiveknowntoscience,but,asfarascontemporarymethodsofpreparationhaveprogressed,entirelywithoutpracticaluse,sinceevenparticlesofdustsettlinguponitfromtheatmospherearesufficienttodetonateit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2799:
Input:    'schewesen had announced a few days before his death that his experiments promised an epoch-making success.'
Expected: 'Schewesen had announced a few days before his death that his experiments promised an epoch-making success.'
Actual:   'Schewesenhadannouncedafewdaysbeforehisdeaththathisexperimentspromisedanepoch-makingsuccess.'
Type: Other error

Error #2800:
Input:    'he has left no notes behind, however, and it is to be feared that his knowledge has died with him.'
Expected: 'He has left no notes behind, however, and it is to be feared that his knowledge has died with him.'
Actual:   'Hehasleftnonotesbehind,however,anditistobefearedthathisknowledgehasdiedwithhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2801:
Input:    'teal read the paragraph a second time, for this premature obituary notice did not appeal to his sense of humour.'
Expected: 'Teal read the paragraph a second time, for this premature obituary notice did not appeal to his sense of humour.'
Actual:   'Tealreadtheparagraphasecondtime,forthisprematureobituarynoticedidnotappealtohissenseofhumour.'
Type: Other error

Error #2802:
Input:    'he was quite certain that carl schewesen was alive and in london, and, storm returning with mattock at that moment, he pointed to the column and vented his surmise.'
Expected: 'He was quite certain that Carl Schewesen was alive and in London, and, Storm returning with Mattock at that moment, he pointed to the column and vented his surmise.'
Actual:   'Hewasquitecertainthatcarlschewesenwasaliveandinlondon,and,stormreturningwithmattockatthatmoment,hepointedtothecolumnandventedhissurmise.'
Type: Other error

Error #2803:
Input:    'storm read it through, and looked grave.'
Expected: 'Storm read it through, and looked grave.'
Actual:   'Stormreaditthrough,andlookedgrave.'
Type: Other error

Error #2804:
Input:    '"ncl3," he murmured.'
Expected: '"NCl3," he murmured.'
Actual:   '``ncl3,''hemurmured.'
Type: Other error

Error #2805:
Input:    '"that sounds like more fun!" "is it very powerful?" asked teal, and storm smiled.'
Expected: '"That sounds like more fun!" "Is it very powerful?" asked Teal, and Storm smiled.'
Actual:   '``thatsoundslikemorefun!'' ``isitverypowerful?'' Askedteal,andstormsmiled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2806:
Input:    '"if a small saltspoonful went off between us now, they'd be able to bury us in matchboxes!" he said.'
Expected: '"If a small saltspoonful went off between us now, they'd be able to bury us in matchboxes!" he said.'
Actual:   '``ifasmallsaltspoonfulwentoffbetweenusnow,they'dbeabletoburyusinmatchboxes!'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2807:
Input:    'it was then that teal noticed the presence of mattock, and turned to scowl at the man.'
Expected: 'It was then that Teal noticed the presence of Mattock, and turned to scowl at the man.'
Actual:   'Itwasthenthattealnoticedthepresenceofmattock,andturnedtoscowlattheman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2808:
Input:    'mattock had been looking over the detective's shoulder unobserved, and his smile showed that he had heard the conversation.'
Expected: 'Mattock had been looking over the detective's shoulder unobserved, and his smile showed that he had heard the conversation.'
Actual:   'Mattockhadbeenlookingoverthedetective'sshoulderunobserved,andhissmileshowedthathehadheardtheconversation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2809:
Input:    '"i know all about carl," mattock said.'
Expected: '"I know all about Carl," Mattock said.'
Actual:   '``iknowallaboutcarl,''mattocksaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2810:
Input:    '"but the problem ought to amuse the flatties for some time.'
Expected: '"But the problem ought to amuse the flatties for some time.'
Actual:   '``buttheproblemoughttoamusetheflattiesforsometime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2811:
Input:    'flatties, i think, was the term nosey used?" teal was struck by the change in the man's manner since he had met him in walton street police station.'
Expected: 'Flatties, I think, was the term Nosey used?" Teal was struck by the change in the man's manner since he had met him in Walton Street Police Station.'
Actual:   'Flatties,ithink,wasthetermnoseyused?'' Tealwasstruckbythechangeintheman'smannersincehehadmethiminwaltonstreetpolicestation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2812:
Input:    'then, mattock had had the truculence which comes of an inferiority complex; but that had now dispersed as though it had never existed.'
Expected: 'Then, Mattock had had the truculence which comes of an inferiority complex; but that had now dispersed as though it had never existed.'
Actual:   'Then,mattockhadhadthetruculencewhichcomesofaninferioritycomplex;butthathadnowdispersedasthoughithadneverexisted.'
Type: Other error

Error #2813:
Input:    'in spite of the shabbiness of his clothes and the ugly lines which prison had cut in his face, he bore himself with a calm confidence that annoyed teal.'
Expected: 'In spite of the shabbiness of his clothes and the ugly lines which prison had cut in his face, he bore himself with a calm confidence that annoyed Teal.'
Actual:   'Inspiteoftheshabbinessofhisclothesandtheuglylineswhichprisonhadcutinhisface,heborehimselfwithacalmconfidencethatannoyedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2814:
Input:    'it annoyed him because he could not understand it.'
Expected: 'It annoyed him because he could not understand it.'
Actual:   'Itannoyedhimbecausehecouldnotunderstandit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2815:
Input:    'it was so out of keeping with the part of the lag under supervision.'
Expected: 'It was so out of keeping with the part of the lag under supervision.'
Actual:   'Itwassooutofkeepingwiththepartofthelagundersupervision.'
Type: Other error

Error #2816:
Input:    'truculence was regular, and cringing was also in order, though less common.'
Expected: 'Truculence was regular, and cringing was also in order, though less common.'
Actual:   'Truculencewasregular,andcringingwasalsoinorder,thoughlesscommon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2817:
Input:    'so, too, was friendliness.'
Expected: 'So, too, was friendliness.'
Actual:   'So,too,wasfriendliness.'
Type: Other error

Error #2818:
Input:    'but superiority--no.'
Expected: 'But superiority--no.'
Actual:   'Butsuperiority -- no.'
Type: Other error

Error #2819:
Input:    '"you look pleased with yourself," said teal glutinously, falling back into his _rle_ of _ennui_ personified.'
Expected: '"You look pleased with yourself," said Teal glutinously, falling back into his _rle_ of _ennui_ personified.'
Actual:   '``youlookpleasedwithyourself,''saidtealglutinously,fallingbackintohis_rle_of_ennui_personified.'
Type: Other error

Error #2820:
Input:    '"so i feel," agreed mattock.'
Expected: '"So I feel," agreed Mattock.'
Actual:   '``soifeel,''agreedmattock.'
Type: Other error

Error #2821:
Input:    '"captain arden has very kindly permitted me to be released." he glanced at his wrist.'
Expected: '"Captain Arden has very kindly permitted me to be released." He glanced at his wrist.'
Actual:   '``captainardenhasverykindlypermittedmetobereleased.'' Heglancedathiswrist.'
Type: Other error

Error #2822:
Input:    '"it's just lunch time.'
Expected: '"It's just lunch time.'
Actual:   '``it'sjustlunchtime.'
Type: Other error

Error #2823:
Input:    'thank the lord i'm spared the culinary abortions you serve to persons in custody." teal's jaw dropped.'
Expected: 'Thank the Lord I'm spared the culinary abortions you serve to persons in custody." Teal's jaw dropped.'
Actual:   'Thankthelordi'msparedtheculinaryabortionsyouservetopersonsincustody.'' Teal'sjawdropped.'
Type: Other error

Error #2824:
Input:    '"is that true?" he asked, and storm nodded.'
Expected: '"Is that true?" he asked, and Storm nodded.'
Actual:   '``isthattrue?'' Heasked,andstormnodded.'
Type: Other error

Error #2825:
Input:    '"i'm sorry, inspector," he said officially.'
Expected: '"I'm sorry, Inspector," he said officially.'
Actual:   '``i'msorry,inspector,''hesaidofficially.'
Type: Other error

Error #2826:
Input:    '"i don't think any of the charges against this man will stand.'
Expected: '"I don't think any of the charges against this man will stand.'
Actual:   '``idon'tthinkanyofthechargesagainstthismanwillstand.'
Type: Other error

Error #2827:
Input:    'you will, however, keep him under observation." "i will!" asserted teal grimly.'
Expected: 'You will, however, keep him under observation." "I will!" asserted Teal grimly.'
Actual:   'Youwill,however,keephimunderobservation.'' ``iwill!'' Assertedtealgrimly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2828:
Input:    'mattock raised his hat and sauntered to the door with a smile.'
Expected: 'Mattock raised his hat and sauntered to the door with a smile.'
Actual:   'Mattockraisedhishatandsaunteredtothedoorwithasmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #2829:
Input:    'there, he paused.'
Expected: 'There, he paused.'
Actual:   'There,hepaused.'
Type: Other error

Error #2830:
Input:    '"i should keep an eye on uncle joe, too," was his parting shot.'
Expected: '"I should keep an eye on Uncle Joe, too," was his parting shot.'
Actual:   '``ishouldkeepaneyeonunclejoe,too,''washispartingshot.'
Type: Other error

Error #2831:
Input:    'teal stared sombrely at the door through which the man had passed.'
Expected: 'Teal stared sombrely at the door through which the man had passed.'
Actual:   'Tealstaredsombrelyatthedoorthroughwhichthemanhadpassed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2832:
Input:    'he shook his head sorrowfully.'
Expected: 'He shook his head sorrowfully.'
Actual:   'Heshookhisheadsorrowfully.'
Type: Other error

Error #2833:
Input:    '"and there, by the grace of the devil," he muttered, "goes a man who knows far, far more about the triangle than i shall ever find out." "i've also cancelled the warrant that's out against raegenssen," storm said.'
Expected: '"And there, by the Grace of the Devil," he muttered, "goes a man who knows far, far more about the Triangle than I shall ever find out." "I've also cancelled the warrant that's out against Raegenssen," Storm said.'
Actual:   '``andthere,bythegraceofthedevil,''hemuttered,``goesamanwhoknowsfar,farmoreaboutthetrianglethanishalleverfindout.'' ``i'vealsocancelledthewarrantthat'soutagainstraegenssen,''stormsaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2834:
Input:    '"i don't think any charge will stand against him, either, yet.'
Expected: '"I don't think any charge will stand against him, either, yet.'
Actual:   '``idon'tthinkanychargewillstandagainsthim,either,yet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2835:
Input:    'it's easy to prove that the signature to that deed isn't his, and there's no chance of tracing those foreign bills.'
Expected: 'It's easy to prove that the signature to that deed isn't his, and there's no chance of tracing those foreign bills.'
Actual:   'It'seasytoprovethatthesignaturetothatdeedisn'this,andthere'snochanceoftracingthoseforeignbills.'
Type: Other error

Error #2836:
Input:    'you won't even get him by identification--nor will you get mattock, for the matter of that.'
Expected: 'You won't even get him by identification--nor will you get Mattock, for the matter of that.'
Actual:   'Youwon'tevengethimbyidentification -- norwillyougetmattock,forthematterofthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #2837:
Input:    'neither of 'em fit exactly." he was tapping a cigarette on his case when the telephone rang, and he was told that the call was for him.'
Expected: 'Neither of 'em fit exactly." He was tapping a cigarette on his case when the telephone rang, and he was told that the call was for him.'
Actual:   'Neitherof'emfitexactly.'' Hewastappingacigaretteonhiscasewhenthetelephonerang,andhewastoldthatthecallwasforhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2838:
Input:    'when he came back, the light of war was in his eyes.'
Expected: 'When he came back, the light of war was in his eyes.'
Actual:   'Whenhecameback,thelightofwarwasinhiseyes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2839:
Input:    '"now we shall see some more battle, murder and sudden death!" he said.'
Expected: '"Now we shall see some more battle, murder and sudden death!" he said.'
Actual:   '``nowweshallseesomemorebattle,murderandsuddendeath!'' Hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2840:
Input:    '"that was to say mecklen's better.'
Expected: '"That was to say Mecklen's better.'
Actual:   '``thatwastosaymecklen'sbetter.'
Type: Other error

Error #2841:
Input:    'i'm going to get him to court to-morrow, if there's a whole army of triangles in the way!'
Expected: 'I'm going to get him to court to-morrow, if there's a whole army of Triangles in the way!'
Actual:   'I'mgoingtogethimtocourtto-morrow,ifthere'sawholearmyoftrianglesintheway!'
Type: Other error

Error #2842:
Input:    'and then we'll see if he'll squeak." "he isn't the triangle, anyway," said teal gloomily.'
Expected: 'And then we'll see if he'll squeak." "He isn't the Triangle, anyway," said Teal gloomily.'
Actual:   'Andthenwe'llseeifhe'llsqueak.'' ``heisn'tthetriangle,anyway,''saidtealgloomily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2843:
Input:    '"is it mattock?" storm did not answer.'
Expected: '"Is it Mattock?" Storm did not answer.'
Actual:   '``isitmattock?'' Stormdidnotanswer.'
Type: Other error

Error #2844:
Input:    '"or is it uncle joe?" storm was intent upon the feat of throwing his cigarette high in the air and catching it between his lips--a piece of amateur juggling which he performed with skill.'
Expected: '"Or is it Uncle Joe?" Storm was intent upon the feat of throwing his cigarette high in the air and catching it between his lips--a piece of amateur juggling which he performed with skill.'
Actual:   '``orisitunclejoe?'' Stormwasintentuponthefeatofthrowinghiscigarettehighintheairandcatchingitbetweenhislips -- apieceofamateurjugglingwhichheperformedwithskill.'
Type: Other error

Error #2845:
Input:    '"then it must be raegenssen," teal said dreamily.'
Expected: '"Then it must be Raegenssen," Teal said dreamily.'
Actual:   '``thenitmustberaegenssen,''tealsaiddreamily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2846:
Input:    '"keep on guessing," storm encouraged.'
Expected: '"Keep on guessing," Storm encouraged.'
Actual:   '``keeponguessing,''stormencouraged.'
Type: Other error

Error #2847:
Input:    'teal shook his head and nipped the end from a rank cigar.'
Expected: 'Teal shook his head and nipped the end from a rank cigar.'
Actual:   'Tealshookhisheadandnippedtheendfromarankcigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #2848:
Input:    '"you're so close, you'd make an oyster look like a yawning whale," he protested in despair.'
Expected: '"You're so close, you'd make an oyster look like a yawning whale," he protested in despair.'
Actual:   '``you'resoclose,you'dmakeanoysterlooklikeayawningwhale,''heprotestedindespair.'
Type: Other error

Error #2849:
Input:    '"now, why let mattock out?'
Expected: '"Now, why let Mattock out?'
Actual:   '``now,whyletmattockout?'
Type: Other error

Error #2850:
Input:    'i'll bet that man knows all the things we want to know about alphas and apexes." "speak for yourself," murmured storm, concluding his exhibition of sleight-of-hand by throwing his cigarette over his shoulder from the back and trapping it faultlessly.'
Expected: 'I'll bet that man knows all the things we want to know about Alphas and Apexes." "Speak for yourself," murmured Storm, concluding his exhibition of sleight-of-hand by throwing his cigarette over his shoulder from the back and trapping it faultlessly.'
Actual:   'I'llbetthatmanknowsallthethingswewanttoknowaboutalphasandapexes.'' ``speakforyourself,''murmuredstorm,concludinghisexhibitionofsleight-of-handbythrowinghiscigaretteoverhisshoulderfromthebackandtrappingitfaultlessly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2851:
Input:    'teal did not applaud.'
Expected: 'Teal did not applaud.'
Actual:   'Tealdidnotapplaud.'
Type: Other error

Error #2852:
Input:    '"he must have had something exciting to tell you," he pondered aloud.'
Expected: '"He must have had something exciting to tell you," he pondered aloud.'
Actual:   '``hemusthavehadsomethingexcitingtotellyou,''heponderedaloud.'
Type: Other error

Error #2853:
Input:    '"was it absolutely necessary to release him?" storm, who was striking a match, watched it flare, and then looked up with his quick smile.'
Expected: '"Was it absolutely necessary to release him?" Storm, who was striking a match, watched it flare, and then looked up with his quick smile.'
Actual:   '``wasitabsolutelynecessarytoreleasehim?'' Storm,whowasstrikingamatch,watcheditflare,andthenlookedupwithhisquicksmile.'
Type: Other error

Error #2854:
Input:    '"oh--sure!" he drawled.'
Expected: '"Oh--sure!" he drawled.'
Actual:   '``oh -- sure!'' Hedrawled.'
Type: Other error

Error #2855:
Input:    '"he's going to kill raegenssen!" chapter xv once a gentleman storm being an unconventional young man, it was not to be expected that the private report on the battle of billingsgate which he sent to sir john marker would be strictly in accord with conventional ideas on the correct composition of such documents.'
Expected: '"He's going to kill Raegenssen!" CHAPTER XV ONCE A GENTLEMAN Storm being an unconventional young man, it was not to be expected that the private report on the Battle of Billingsgate which he sent to Sir John Marker would be strictly in accord with conventional ideas on the correct composition of such documents.'
Actual:   '``he'sgoingtokillraegenssen!'' Chapterxvonceagentlemanstormbeinganunconventionalyoungman,itwasnottobeexpectedthattheprivatereportonthebattleofbillingsgatewhichhesenttosirjohnmarkerwouldbestrictlyinaccordwithconventionalideasonthecorrectcompositionofsuchdocuments.'
Type: Other error

Error #2856:
Input:    'kit arden had no manner of use for formulas; jargon made him feel ill; in the presence of the bugaboo of official phraseology he positively writhed.'
Expected: 'Kit Arden had no manner of use for formulas; jargon made him feel ill; in the presence of the bugaboo of official phraseology he positively writhed.'
Actual:   'Kitardenhadnomannerofuseforformulas;jargonmadehimfeelill;inthepresenceofthebugabooofofficialphraseologyhepositivelywrithed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2857:
Input:    'he banged out his points with crisp simplicity, and framed them in sentences like bullets.'
Expected: 'He banged out his points with crisp simplicity, and framed them in sentences like bullets.'
Actual:   'Hebangedouthispointswithcrispsimplicity,andframedtheminsentenceslikebullets.'
Type: Other error

Error #2858:
Input:    'the letter is worth quoting _in extenso_, for reasons which will be apparent at sight.'
Expected: 'The letter is worth quoting _in extenso_, for reasons which will be apparent at sight.'
Actual:   'Theletterisworthquoting_inextenso_,forreasonswhichwillbeapparentatsight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2859:
Input:    'when once the door of the sawmill had been opened, and the janitor removed without noise, the fate of the alpha triangle hung by a hair.'
Expected: 'When once the door of the sawmill had been opened, and the janitor removed without noise, the fate of the Alpha Triangle hung by a hair.'
Actual:   'Whenoncethedoorofthesawmillhadbeenopened,andthejanitorremovedwithoutnoise,thefateofthealphatrianglehungbyahair.'
Type: Other error

Error #2860:
Input:    'in spite of the telephone call which told the men in the building that their heavily armoured bag had lost its cat, they could not forecast the minute in which the information so gained would be acted upon.'
Expected: 'In spite of the telephone call which told the men in the building that their heavily armoured bag had lost its cat, they could not forecast the minute in which the information so gained would be acted upon.'
Actual:   'Inspiteofthetelephonecallwhichtoldthemeninthebuildingthattheirheavilyarmouredbaghadlostitscat,theycouldnotforecasttheminuteinwhichtheinformationsogainedwouldbeactedupon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2861:
Input:    'the future of the organisation was suspended by that slender thread; our hope of being in amongst them, raising hell, before they could collect their wits.'
Expected: 'The future of the organisation was suspended by that slender thread; our hope of being in amongst them, raising Hell, before they could collect their wits.'
Actual:   'Thefutureoftheorganisationwassuspendedbythatslenderthread;ourhopeofbeinginamongstthem,raisinghell,beforetheycouldcollecttheirwits.'
Type: Other error

Error #2862:
Input:    'you already know how that thread was snapped.'
Expected: 'You already know how that thread was snapped.'
Actual:   'Youalreadyknowhowthatthreadwassnapped.'
Type: Other error

Error #2863:
Input:    'whatever a man's genius, he cannot dream of terrorising a city--as the apex intends to do--without a large number of assistants.'
Expected: 'Whatever a man's genius, he cannot dream of terrorising a city--as the Apex intends to do--without a large number of assistants.'
Actual:   'Whateveraman'sgenius,hecannotdreamofterrorisingacity -- astheapexintendstodo -- withoutalargenumberofassistants.'
Type: Other error

Error #2864:
Input:    'with his young army of helpers locked away, he would have been crippled--perhaps irretrievably.'
Expected: 'With his young army of helpers locked away, he would have been crippled--perhaps irretrievably.'
Actual:   'Withhisyoungarmyofhelperslockedaway,hewouldhavebeencrippled -- perhapsirretrievably.'
Type: Other error

Error #2865:
Input:    'however, we failed--so that's that.'
Expected: 'However, we failed--so that's that.'
Actual:   'However,wefailed -- sothat'sthat.'
Type: Other error

Error #2866:
Input:    'anyway, all we made was an attempt to maim, when our object is to kill.'
Expected: 'Anyway, all we made was an attempt to maim, when our object is to kill.'
Actual:   'Anyway,allwemadewasanattempttomaim,whenourobjectistokill.'
Type: Other error

Error #2867:
Input:    'one or two details stand over.'
Expected: 'One or two details stand over.'
Actual:   'Oneortwodetailsstandover.'
Type: Other error

Error #2868:
Input:    '(1) besides myself, two others got into the sawmill.'
Expected: '(1) Besides myself, two others got into the sawmill.'
Actual:   '(1)besidesmyself,twoothersgotintothesawmill.'
Type: Other error

Error #2869:
Input:    'one was miss hawthorne, secretary to the late lord hannassay, who went simply in search of adventure.'
Expected: 'One was Miss Hawthorne, secretary to the late Lord Hannassay, who went simply in search of adventure.'
Actual:   'Onewasmisshawthorne,secretarytothelatelordhannassay,whowentsimplyinsearchofadventure.'
Type: Other error

Error #2870:
Input:    'the second was joseph blaythwayt, manager of the city and continental bank, lombard street, who in his spare time aspires to sleuthship.'
Expected: 'The second was Joseph Blaythwayt, manager of the City and Continental Bank, Lombard Street, who in his spare time aspires to sleuthship.'
Actual:   'Thesecondwasjosephblaythwayt,managerofthecityandcontinentalbank,lombardstreet,whoinhissparetimeaspirestosleuthship.'
Type: Other error

Error #2871:
Input:    'he is a friend of inspector teal, from whom he had heard unpublished facts about the triangle which (on his own account) fired him with thoughts of honour and glory as an amateur sherlock.'
Expected: 'He is a friend of Inspector Teal, from whom he had heard unpublished facts about the Triangle which (on his own account) fired him with thoughts of honour and glory as an amateur Sherlock.'
Actual:   'Heisafriendofinspectorteal,fromwhomhehadheardunpublishedfactsaboutthetrianglewhich(onhisownaccount)firedhimwiththoughtsofhonourandgloryasanamateursherlock.'
Type: Other error

Error #2872:
Input:    'he is also one of the lives threatened by the triangle, which fact does not perturb him unduly.'
Expected: 'He is also one of the lives threatened by the Triangle, which fact does not perturb him unduly.'
Actual:   'Heisalsooneofthelivesthreatenedbythetriangle,whichfactdoesnotperturbhimunduly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2873:
Input:    '(2) in my opinion, the telephone call which followed our departure came by chance, and was not based on knowledge of any of our plans.'
Expected: '(2) In my opinion, the telephone call which followed our departure came by chance, and was not based on knowledge of any of our plans.'
Actual:   '(2)inmyopinion,thetelephonecallwhichfollowedourdeparturecamebychance,andwasnotbasedonknowledgeofanyofourplans.'
Type: Other error

Error #2874:
Input:    '(3) raegenssen's office was burgled last night, and the safe opened, but i don't know if the men found anything.'
Expected: '(3) Raegenssen's office was burgled last night, and the safe opened, but I don't know if the men found anything.'
Actual:   '(3)raegenssen'sofficewasburgledlastnight,andthesafeopened,butidon'tknowifthemenfoundanything.'
Type: Other error

Error #2875:
Input:    'a lot of attention has centred round raegenssen lately, so i expect his obituary notice is only a matter of days.'
Expected: 'A lot of attention has centred round Raegenssen lately, so I expect his obituary notice is only a matter of days.'
Actual:   'Alotofattentionhascentredroundraegenssenlately,soiexpecthisobituarynoticeisonlyamatterofdays.'
Type: Other error

Error #2876:
Input:    'the billingsgate raid having failed, i am basing my next move on the era advertisement.'
Expected: 'The Billingsgate raid having failed, I am basing my next move on the Era advertisement.'
Actual:   'Thebillingsgateraidhavingfailed,iambasingmynextmoveontheeraadvertisement.'
Type: Other error

Error #2877:
Input:    'it will, of course, be risky; but if anything goes wrong you will know what to do.'
Expected: 'It will, of course, be risky; but if anything goes wrong you will know what to do.'
Actual:   'Itwill,ofcourse,berisky;butifanythinggoeswrongyouwillknowwhattodo.'
Type: Other error

Error #2878:
Input:    'i can only guess how the triangle will continue its campaign.'
Expected: 'I can only guess how the Triangle will continue its campaign.'
Actual:   'Icanonlyguesshowthetrianglewillcontinueitscampaign.'
Type: Other error

Error #2879:
Input:    'i probably have a better appreciation of that colossal mind than anybody else; but if i gave you a logical prophecy, even you might begin to regard me as an imaginative alarmist.'
Expected: 'I probably have a better appreciation of that colossal mind than anybody else; but if I gave you a logical prophecy, even you might begin to regard me as an imaginative alarmist.'
Actual:   'Iprobablyhaveabetterappreciationofthatcolossalmindthananybodyelse;butifigaveyoualogicalprophecy,evenyoumightbegintoregardmeasanimaginativealarmist.'
Type: Other error

Error #2880:
Input:    'the solid _fact_, which you and everyone else has got to get hold of, is that for the time being all the odds are on the triangle.'
Expected: 'The solid _fact_, which you and everyone else has got to get hold of, is that for the time being all the odds are on the Triangle.'
Actual:   'Thesolid_fact_,whichyouandeveryoneelsehasgottogetholdof,isthatforthetimebeingalltheoddsareonthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2881:
Input:    'they have all the advantage of surprise.'
Expected: 'They have all the advantage of surprise.'
Actual:   'Theyhavealltheadvantageofsurprise.'
Type: Other error

Error #2882:
Input:    'just now, the police aren't prepared.'
Expected: 'Just now, the police aren't prepared.'
Actual:   'Justnow,thepolicearen'tprepared.'
Type: Other error

Error #2883:
Input:    'violent crime isn't familiar to them yet.'
Expected: 'Violent crime isn't familiar to them yet.'
Actual:   'Violentcrimeisn'tfamiliartothemyet.'
Type: Other error

Error #2884:
Input:    'they can't quite adjust themselves to it--it'll catch them napping, and they'll take time to get busy.'
Expected: 'They can't quite adjust themselves to it--it'll catch them napping, and they'll take time to get busy.'
Actual:   'Theycan'tquiteadjustthemselvestoit -- it'llcatchthemnapping,andthey'lltaketimetogetbusy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2885:
Input:    'there's a genius at the top of the triangle--or a lunatic, whichever you care to call him--and the police are neither geniuses nor lunatics.'
Expected: 'There's a genius at the top of the Triangle--or a lunatic, whichever you care to call him--and the police are neither geniuses nor lunatics.'
Actual:   'There'sageniusatthetopofthetriangle -- oralunatic,whicheveryoucaretocallhim -- andthepoliceareneithergeniusesnorlunatics.'
Type: Other error

Error #2886:
Input:    'they're just plain ornery men dealing with plain ornery crooks, with all the odds on the crook.'
Expected: 'They're just plain ornery men dealing with plain ornery crooks, with all the odds on the crook.'
Actual:   'They'rejustplainornerymendealingwithplainornerycrooks,withalltheoddsonthecrook.'
Type: Other error

Error #2887:
Input:    'crooks catch themselves and each other, but there'll be no nosing the triangle.'
Expected: 'Crooks catch themselves and each other, but there'll be no nosing the Triangle.'
Actual:   'Crookscatchthemselvesandeachother,butthere'llbenonosingthetriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2888:
Input:    'it can pay too well, and the little twisters follow the big money.'
Expected: 'It can pay too well, and the little twisters follow the big money.'
Actual:   'Itcanpaytoowell,andthelittletwistersfollowthebigmoney.'
Type: Other error

Error #2889:
Input:    'gangs in the past have gone just because discontented members shopped them.'
Expected: 'Gangs in the past have gone just because discontented members shopped them.'
Actual:   'Gangsinthepasthavegonejustbecausediscontentedmembersshoppedthem.'
Type: Other error

Error #2890:
Input:    'there will be no discontented members of the triangle--why, their chief can even pull them out of the hands of the police!'
Expected: 'There will be no discontented members of the Triangle--why, their chief can even pull them out of the hands of the police!'
Actual:   'Therewillbenodiscontentedmembersofthetriangle -- why,theirchiefcanevenpullthemoutofthehandsofthepolice!'
Type: Other error

Error #2891:
Input:    'the rescue of the billingsgate prisoners will add tremendously to the prestige of the apex.'
Expected: 'The rescue of the Billingsgate prisoners will add tremendously to the prestige of the Apex.'
Actual:   'Therescueofthebillingsgateprisonerswilladdtremendouslytotheprestigeoftheapex.'
Type: Other error

Error #2892:
Input:    'i promised you the head of the apex on a triangle in a fortnight, and that fortnight still has some time to run.'
Expected: 'I promised you the head of the Apex on a Triangle in a fortnight, and that fortnight still has some time to run.'
Actual:   'Ipromisedyoutheheadoftheapexonatriangleinafortnight,andthatfortnightstillhassometimetorun.'
Type: Other error

Error #2893:
Input:    'the brain of the apex moves in such great leaps that nothing less than genius could anticipate it from pinnacle to pinnacle.'
Expected: 'The brain of the Apex moves in such great leaps that nothing less than genius could anticipate it from pinnacle to pinnacle.'
Actual:   'Thebrainoftheapexmovesinsuchgreatleapsthatnothinglessthangeniuscouldanticipateitfrompinnacletopinnacle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2894:
Input:    'against that there is only one card to play--fear.'
Expected: 'Against that there is only one card to play--fear.'
Actual:   'Againstthatthereisonlyonecardtoplay -- fear.'
Type: Other error

Error #2895:
Input:    'even genius has nerves.'
Expected: 'Even genius has nerves.'
Actual:   'Evengeniushasnerves.'
Type: Other error

Error #2896:
Input:    'even genius can be made to worry about its neck.'
Expected: 'Even genius can be made to worry about its neck.'
Actual:   'Evengeniuscanbemadetoworryaboutitsneck.'
Type: Other error

Error #2897:
Input:    'i shall win.'
Expected: 'I shall win.'
Actual:   'Ishallwin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2898:
Input:    'the removal of lew mecklen from st.'
Expected: 'The removal of Lew Mecklen from St.'
Actual:   'Theremovaloflewmecklenfromst.'
Type: Other error

Error #2899:
Input:    'george's hospital to marlborough street police court was not advertised, but storm did not doubt that the intelligence bureau of the triangle had its own sources of information.'
Expected: 'George's Hospital to Marlborough Street Police Court was not advertised, but Storm did not doubt that the Intelligence Bureau of the Triangle had its own sources of information.'
Actual:   'George'shospitaltomarlboroughstreetpolicecourtwasnotadvertised,butstormdidnotdoubtthattheintelligencebureauofthetrianglehaditsownsourcesofinformation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2900:
Input:    'he had asked for, and secured, a special escort from wellington barracks, and they were served out with ball ammunition.'
Expected: 'He had asked for, and secured, a special escort from Wellington Barracks, and they were served out with ball ammunition.'
Actual:   'Hehadaskedfor,andsecured,aspecialescortfromwellingtonbarracks,andtheywereservedoutwithballammunition.'
Type: Other error

Error #2901:
Input:    'it was a wise precaution, for the soldier, being a lethal machine, is less chary of using firearms than the london constable, who is a civil institution into whose routine the more effective forms of violence rarely enter.'
Expected: 'It was a wise precaution, for the soldier, being a lethal machine, is less chary of using firearms than the London constable, who is a civil institution into whose routine the more effective forms of violence rarely enter.'
Actual:   'Itwasawiseprecaution,forthesoldier,beingalethalmachine,islesscharyofusingfirearmsthanthelondonconstable,whoisacivilinstitutionintowhoseroutinethemoreeffectiveformsofviolencerarelyenter.'
Type: Other error

Error #2902:
Input:    'apparently the triangle admitted that mecklen was well guarded, for no attempt was made on the armoured car in which the gunman rode with platoons of scarlet-coated men marching in front and behind.'
Expected: 'Apparently the Triangle admitted that Mecklen was well guarded, for no attempt was made on the armoured car in which the gunman rode with platoons of scarlet-coated men marching in front and behind.'
Actual:   'Apparentlythetriangleadmittedthatmecklenwaswellguarded,fornoattemptwasmadeonthearmouredcarinwhichthegunmanrodewithplatoonsofscarlet-coatedmenmarchinginfrontandbehind.'
Type: Other error

Error #2903:
Input:    'lew was taken into the tiny court-room, and a stream of detectives followed him and filled the rest of the space.'
Expected: 'Lew was taken into the tiny court-room, and a stream of detectives followed him and filled the rest of the space.'
Actual:   'Lewwastakenintothetinycourt-room,andastreamofdetectivesfollowedhimandfilledtherestofthespace.'
Type: Other error

Error #2904:
Input:    'outside, uniformed men blocked the tiled hall, and the military escort stood at ease in the road.'
Expected: 'Outside, uniformed men blocked the tiled hall, and the military escort stood at ease in the road.'
Actual:   'Outside,uniformedmenblockedthetiledhall,andthemilitaryescortstoodateaseintheroad.'
Type: Other error

Error #2905:
Input:    'the proceedings were brief, for attempted murder offers no option of summary jurisdiction.'
Expected: 'The proceedings were brief, for attempted murder offers no option of summary jurisdiction.'
Actual:   'Theproceedingswerebrief,forattemptedmurderoffersnooptionofsummaryjurisdiction.'
Type: Other error

Error #2906:
Input:    'mecklen pleaded not guilty and declined to instruct a solicitor.'
Expected: 'Mecklen pleaded not guilty and declined to instruct a solicitor.'
Actual:   'Mecklenpleadednotguiltyanddeclinedtoinstructasolicitor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2907:
Input:    'evidence of arrest was taken, to which the prisoner paid little attention.'
Expected: 'Evidence of arrest was taken, to which the prisoner paid little attention.'
Actual:   'Evidenceofarrestwastaken,towhichtheprisonerpaidlittleattention.'
Type: Other error

Error #2908:
Input:    'the verbal proceedings seemed not to interest him, but he studied his surroundings curiously.'
Expected: 'The verbal proceedings seemed not to interest him, but he studied his surroundings curiously.'
Actual:   'Theverbalproceedingsseemednottointeresthim,buthestudiedhissurroundingscuriously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2909:
Input:    'he did not cross-examine, and made no statement, and the whole business took no more than ten minutes.'
Expected: 'He did not cross-examine, and made no statement, and the whole business took no more than ten minutes.'
Actual:   'Hedidnotcross-examine,andmadenostatement,andthewholebusinesstooknomorethantenminutes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2910:
Input:    '"without a hitch," remarked storm, in grim reminiscence of the formal press account of executions--"thanks to the army!" mecklen was committed for trial, and, whilst the necessary papers were being made out and signed, he was taken to a cell in the adjoining police station.'
Expected: '"Without a hitch," remarked Storm, in grim reminiscence of the formal Press account of executions--"thanks to the Army!" Mecklen was committed for trial, and, whilst the necessary papers were being made out and signed, he was taken to a cell in the adjoining police station.'
Actual:   '``withoutahitch,''remarkedstorm,ingrimreminiscenceoftheformalpressaccountofexecutions -- ''thankstothearmy!'' Mecklenwascommittedfortrial,and,whilstthenecessarypaperswerebeingmadeoutandsigned,hewastakentoacellintheadjoiningpolicestation.'
Type: Other error

Error #2911:
Input:    'it was when they removed him and told him that he would be taken immediately to brixton prison that he showed his first sign of uneasiness.'
Expected: 'It was when they removed him and told him that he would be taken immediately to Brixton Prison that he showed his first sign of uneasiness.'
Actual:   'Itwaswhentheyremovedhimandtoldhimthathewouldbetakenimmediatelytobrixtonprisonthatheshowedhisfirstsignofuneasiness.'
Type: Other error

Error #2912:
Input:    'he asked if a message had come for him, and, when informed that none had arrived up to that time, he asked to be allowed to see a newspaper.'
Expected: 'He asked if a message had come for him, and, when informed that none had arrived up to that time, he asked to be allowed to see a newspaper.'
Actual:   'Heaskedifamessagehadcomeforhim,and,wheninformedthatnonehadarriveduptothattime,heaskedtobeallowedtoseeanewspaper.'
Type: Other error

Error #2913:
Input:    'on storm's authority, the request was refused, and mecklen was handcuffed and led out between a double rank of policemen.'
Expected: 'On Storm's authority, the request was refused, and Mecklen was handcuffed and led out between a double rank of policemen.'
Actual:   'Onstorm'sauthority,therequestwasrefused,andmecklenwashandcuffedandledoutbetweenadoublerankofpolicemen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2914:
Input:    'teal went in front and storm brought up the rear, and as the cortge came into view of the street teal halted so suddenly that storm trod on the prisoner's heels.'
Expected: 'Teal went in front and Storm brought up the rear, and as the cortge came into view of the street Teal halted so suddenly that Storm trod on the prisoner's heels.'
Actual:   'Tealwentinfrontandstormbroughtuptherear,andasthecortgecameintoviewofthestreettealhaltedsosuddenlythatstormtrodontheprisoner'sheels.'
Type: Other error

Error #2915:
Input:    'pushing his way to the front, arden found the detective staring up and down the street with a ludicrously blank expression on his sanguine countenance.'
Expected: 'Pushing his way to the front, Arden found the detective staring up and down the street with a ludicrously blank expression on his sanguine countenance.'
Actual:   'Pushinghiswaytothefront,ardenfoundthedetectivestaringupanddownthestreetwithaludicrouslyblankexpressiononhissanguinecountenance.'
Type: Other error

Error #2916:
Input:    'storm looked also, and his lean face hardened.'
Expected: 'Storm looked also, and his lean face hardened.'
Actual:   'Stormlookedalso,andhisleanfacehardened.'
Type: Other error

Error #2917:
Input:    'there was a cab rank in the road, and he went over at once and asked a question of one of the drivers.'
Expected: 'There was a cab rank in the road, and he went over at once and asked a question of one of the drivers.'
Actual:   'Therewasacabrankintheroad,andhewentoveratonceandaskedaquestionofoneofthedrivers.'
Type: Other error

Error #2918:
Input:    '"about arf an hour ago," said the man.'
Expected: '"About arf an hour ago," said the man.'
Actual:   '``aboutarfanhourago,''saidtheman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2919:
Input:    '"just after the man'd bin taken in.'
Expected: '"Just after the man'd bin taken in.'
Actual:   '``justaftertheman'dbintakenin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2920:
Input:    'a cop comes out an 'ands a note to the orf'cer, an' walks away, an' then the orf'cer shouts _'shun!_ an' off they goes." "did you see the constable's face?" asked storm, and the chauffeur scratched his head.'
Expected: 'A cop comes out an 'ands a note to the orf'cer, an' walks away, an' then the orf'cer shouts _'Shun!_ an' off they goes." "Did you see the constable's face?" asked Storm, and the chauffeur scratched his head.'
Actual:   'Acopcomesoutan'andsanotetotheorf'cer,an'walksaway,an'thentheorf'cershouts_'shun!_an'offtheygoes.'' ``didyouseetheconstable'sface?'' Askedstorm,andthechauffeurscratchedhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2921:
Input:    '"s'pose i must 'ave, but i didn't take much stock of it.'
Expected: '"S'pose I must 'ave, but I didn't take much stock of it.'
Actual:   '``s'poseimust'ave,butididn'ttakemuchstockofit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2922:
Input:    'you don't inspect every copper's dial wot yer sees--you'd get 'eart failure!'
Expected: 'You don't inspect every copper's dial wot yer sees--you'd get 'eart failure!'
Actual:   'Youdon'tinspecteverycopper'sdialwotyersees -- you'dget'eartfailure!'
Type: Other error

Error #2923:
Input:    'just looked an ord'nary pleeceman to me.'
Expected: 'Just looked an ord'nary pleeceman to me.'
Actual:   'Justlookedanord'narypleecemantome.'
Type: Other error

Error #2924:
Input:    ''ulkin' great feller, oldish, walked as if 'e owned the earth--like they all do." "thank you," said storm bitterly, and returned to the waiting group on the station steps.'
Expected: ''Ulkin' great feller, oldish, walked as if 'e owned the earth--like they all do." "Thank you," said Storm bitterly, and returned to the waiting group on the station steps.'
Actual:   ''ulkin'greatfeller,oldish,walkedasif'eownedtheearth -- liketheyalldo.'' ``thankyou,''saidstormbitterly,andreturnedtothewaitinggrouponthestationsteps.'
Type: Other error

Error #2925:
Input:    'by that time the escort would be back in barracks.'
Expected: 'By that time the escort would be back in barracks.'
Actual:   'Bythattimetheescortwouldbebackinbarracks.'
Type: Other error

Error #2926:
Input:    'in the first instance, there had been more than enough red tape, and no little grumbling in high places about troops being called upon to do the work of the police.'
Expected: 'In the first instance, there had been more than enough red tape, and no little grumbling in high places about troops being called upon to do the work of the police.'
Actual:   'Inthefirstinstance,therehadbeenmorethanenoughredtape,andnolittlegrumblinginhighplacesabouttroopsbeingcalledupontodotheworkofthepolice.'
Type: Other error

Error #2927:
Input:    'a fresh escort would not be procured without considerable delay, and perhaps not even then.'
Expected: 'A fresh escort would not be procured without considerable delay, and perhaps not even then.'
Actual:   'Afreshescortwouldnotbeprocuredwithoutconsiderabledelay,andperhapsnoteventhen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2928:
Input:    'and yet a military guard storm was determined to have.'
Expected: 'And yet a military guard Storm was determined to have.'
Actual:   'Andyetamilitaryguardstormwasdeterminedtohave.'
Type: Other error

Error #2929:
Input:    'as it turned out later, he had made a grave mistake in jumping to the conclusion that the dismissal of the soldiery by means of a forged message was simply a ruse to make him send mecklen to the prison in the ordinary van and under police escort only.'
Expected: 'As it turned out later, he had made a grave mistake in jumping to the conclusion that the dismissal of the soldiery by means of a forged message was simply a ruse to make him send Mecklen to the prison in the ordinary van and under police escort only.'
Actual:   'Asitturnedoutlater,hehadmadeagravemistakeinjumpingtotheconclusionthatthedismissalofthesoldierybymeansofaforgedmessagewassimplyarusetomakehimsendmecklentotheprisonintheordinaryvanandunderpoliceescortonly.'
Type: Other error

Error #2930:
Input:    'bearing in mind the tower hill affair, this was the explanation he had reached, and it made him doubly set on attempting no such hazard.'
Expected: 'Bearing in mind the Tower Hill affair, this was the explanation he had reached, and it made him doubly set on attempting no such hazard.'
Actual:   'Bearinginmindthetowerhillaffair,thiswastheexplanationhehadreached,anditmadehimdoublysetonattemptingnosuchhazard.'
Type: Other error

Error #2931:
Input:    'he had mecklen taken back to his cell, and ordered a special watch to be mounted over him.'
Expected: 'He had Mecklen taken back to his cell, and ordered a special watch to be mounted over him.'
Actual:   'Hehadmecklentakenbacktohiscell,andorderedaspecialwatchtobemountedoverhim.'
Type: Other error

Error #2932:
Input:    'then he rang up the c.'
Expected: 'Then he rang up the C.'
Actual:   'Thenherangupthec.'
Type: Other error

Error #2933:
Input:    'at the barracks, and found that the two platoons had just returned.'
Expected: 'at the barracks, and found that the two platoons had just returned.'
Actual:   'Atthebarracks,andfoundthatthetwoplatoonshadjustreturned.'
Type: Other error

Error #2934:
Input:    '"you might find out if the officer kept my note," he said, and waited until the requisite information was forthcoming.'
Expected: '"You might find out if the officer kept my note," he said, and waited until the requisite information was forthcoming.'
Actual:   '``youmightfindoutiftheofficerkeptmynote,''hesaid,andwaiteduntiltherequisiteinformationwasforthcoming.'
Type: Other error

Error #2935:
Input:    '"he has?...'
Expected: '"He has?...'
Actual:   '``hehas?...'
Type: Other error

Error #2936:
Input:    'i'm sending a constable round for it now; he'll give his number, which is c2447....'
Expected: 'I'm sending a constable round for it now; he'll give his number, which is C2447....'
Actual:   'I'msendingaconstableroundforitnow;he'llgivehisnumber,whichisc2447....'
Type: Other error

Error #2937:
Input:    'oh, no, nothing whatever, except that the note happens to be a fake!...'
Expected: 'Oh, no, nothing whatever, except that the note happens to be a fake!...'
Actual:   'Oh,no,nothingwhatever,exceptthatthenotehappenstobeafake!...'
Type: Other error

Error #2938:
Input:    'well, you're not half so sorry as i am." he listened for a moment, and then replaced the receiver with great care.'
Expected: 'Well, you're not half so sorry as I am." He listened for a moment, and then replaced the receiver with great care.'
Actual:   'Well,you'renothalfsosorryasiam.'' Helistenedforamoment,andthenreplacedthereceiverwithgreatcare.'
Type: Other error

Error #2939:
Input:    '"started to quote me: _if you want a thing done well,_" he explained.'
Expected: '"Started to quote me: _If you want a thing done well,_" he explained.'
Actual:   '``startedtoquoteme:_ifyouwantathingdonewell,_''heexplained.'
Type: Other error

Error #2940:
Input:    '"on the whole, the observation's appropriate, but not the way he meant." teal was looking glum.'
Expected: '"On the whole, the observation's appropriate, but not the way he meant." Teal was looking glum.'
Actual:   '``onthewhole,theobservation'sappropriate,butnotthewayhemeant.'' Tealwaslookingglum.'
Type: Other error

Error #2941:
Input:    '"i don't like it," he confessed.'
Expected: '"I don't like it," he confessed.'
Actual:   '``idon'tlikeit,''heconfessed.'
Type: Other error

Error #2942:
Input:    '"and yet, on the face of it, lew's almost as safe here as he'd have been in brixton.'
Expected: '"And yet, on the face of it, Lew's almost as safe here as he'd have been in Brixton.'
Actual:   '``andyet,onthefaceofit,lew'salmostassafehereashe'dhavebeeninbrixton.'
Type: Other error

Error #2943:
Input:    'but this triangle's a shade too snappy for claud eustace--they think of things the ordinary crook'd laugh at, and they do 'em, and so far they've got away with them every darned time by sheer nerve." "there's a special guard," storm said, "and you can spend the night here yourself if you like.'
Expected: 'But this Triangle's a shade too snappy for Claud Eustace--they think of things the ordinary crook'd laugh at, and they do 'em, and so far they've got away with them every darned time by sheer nerve." "There's a special guard," Storm said, "and you can spend the night here yourself if you like.'
Actual:   'Butthistriangle'sashadetoosnappyforclaudeustace -- theythinkofthingstheordinarycrook'dlaughat,andtheydo'em,andsofarthey'vegotawaywiththemeverydarnedtimebysheernerve.'' ``there'saspecialguard,''stormsaid,``andyoucanspendthenighthereyourselfifyoulike.'
Type: Other error

Error #2944:
Input:    'i'll see if i can see marker and get a special order for another parade to-morrow.'
Expected: 'I'll see if I can see Marker and get a special order for another parade to-morrow.'
Actual:   'I'llseeificanseemarkerandgetaspecialorderforanotherparadeto-morrow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2945:
Input:    'we can't do any more.'
Expected: 'We can't do any more.'
Actual:   'Wecan'tdoanymore.'
Type: Other error

Error #2946:
Input:    'either the triangle's thinking of raiding the station, or they're planning to hold up the prison van, and i think the first is the least likely to succeed." teal shook his head.'
Expected: 'Either the Triangle's thinking of raiding the station, or they're planning to hold up the prison van, and I think the first is the least likely to succeed." Teal shook his head.'
Actual:   'Eitherthetriangle'sthinkingofraidingthestation,orthey'replanningtoholduptheprisonvan,andithinkthefirstistheleastlikelytosucceed.'' Tealshookhishead.'
Type: Other error

Error #2947:
Input:    '"i agree; but it doesn't make me happy.'
Expected: '"I agree; but it doesn't make me happy.'
Actual:   '``iagree;butitdoesn'tmakemehappy.'
Type: Other error

Error #2948:
Input:    'triangles have three corners, so i guess they might manage to have a prick waiting in two places," he said prophetically.'
Expected: 'Triangles have three corners, so I guess they might manage to have a prick waiting in two places," he said prophetically.'
Actual:   'Triangleshavethreecorners,soiguesstheymightmanagetohaveaprickwaitingintwoplaces,''hesaidprophetically.'
Type: Other error

Error #2949:
Input:    'down at the yard, however, a slight ray of hope awaited them, for the call put out the previous day for prester john had been successful, and the burglar was even then being detained in cannon row pending audience.'
Expected: 'Down at the Yard, however, a slight ray of hope awaited them, for the call put out the previous day for Prester John had been successful, and the burglar was even then being detained in Cannon Row pending audience.'
Actual:   'Downattheyard,however,aslightrayofhopeawaitedthem,forthecallputoutthepreviousdayforpresterjohnhadbeensuccessful,andtheburglarwaseventhenbeingdetainedincannonrowpendingaudience.'
Type: Other error

Error #2950:
Input:    'the man who had made the arrest foreshadowed the result of the interview in his account.'
Expected: 'The man who had made the arrest foreshadowed the result of the interview in his account.'
Actual:   'Themanwhohadmadethearrestforeshadowedtheresultoftheinterviewinhisaccount.'
Type: Other error

Error #2951:
Input:    '"i took john in a bar in camden tower, where he often goes.'
Expected: '"I took John in a bar in Camden Tower, where he often goes.'
Actual:   '``itookjohninabarincamdentower,whereheoftengoes.'
Type: Other error

Error #2952:
Input:    'he didn't deny the charge, and said he was coming along to see captain arden to-day, anyhow." "he's got his wish, then," said teal.'
Expected: 'He didn't deny the charge, and said he was coming along to see Captain Arden to-day, anyhow." "He's got his wish, then," said Teal.'
Actual:   'Hedidn'tdenythecharge,andsaidhewascomingalongtoseecaptainardento-day,anyhow.'' ``he'sgothiswish,then,''saidteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2953:
Input:    '"send him up." the facetious parent who, while replete with beer, had bestowed upon mr.'
Expected: '"Send him up." The facetious parent who, while replete with beer, had bestowed upon Mr.'
Actual:   '``sendhimup.'' Thefacetiousparentwho,whilerepletewithbeer,hadbestoweduponMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2954:
Input:    'john the prnomen of prester must have been gifted with second sight.'
Expected: 'John the prnomen of Prester must have been gifted with second sight.'
Actual:   'Johntheprnomenofprestermusthavebeengiftedwithsecondsight.'
Type: Other error

Error #2955:
Input:    'the celebrated infringer of the laws of property resembled nothing so much as an elderly parson.'
Expected: 'The celebrated infringer of the laws of property resembled nothing so much as an elderly parson.'
Actual:   'Thecelebratedinfringerofthelawsofpropertyresemblednothingsomuchasanelderlyparson.'
Type: Other error

Error #2956:
Input:    'he was lank and lofty, sallow-complexioned and blue of chin.'
Expected: 'He was lank and lofty, sallow-complexioned and blue of chin.'
Actual:   'Hewaslankandlofty,sallow-complexionedandblueofchin.'
Type: Other error

Error #2957:
Input:    'he affected clothes of clerical hue, wore a high gladstonian collar and a black bow tie, and generally gave the impression of sanctimoniousness incarnate.'
Expected: 'He affected clothes of clerical hue, wore a high Gladstonian collar and a black bow tie, and generally gave the impression of sanctimoniousness incarnate.'
Actual:   'Heaffectedclothesofclericalhue,woreahighgladstoniancollarandablackbowtie,andgenerallygavetheimpressionofsanctimoniousnessincarnate.'
Type: Other error

Error #2958:
Input:    '"good morning, brethren," he said politely.'
Expected: '"Good morning, brethren," he said politely.'
Actual:   '``goodmorning,brethren,''hesaidpolitely.'
Type: Other error

Error #2959:
Input:    '"i heard that my lords had need of men, and i came." it was his invariable greeting when summoned before the police to account for his lapses, and he accompanied it with an equally automatic gesture, holding his elbows in to his sides, bringing his forearms horizontal, and spreading out his flat palms in the same plane, a mannerism which the irreverent inspector teal described as "john's lo-and-behold mitt-flap." "acoustics excellent!" commented storm.'
Expected: '"I heard that my Lords had need of men, and I came." It was his invariable greeting when summoned before the police to account for his lapses, and he accompanied it with an equally automatic gesture, holding his elbows in to his sides, bringing his forearms horizontal, and spreading out his flat palms in the same plane, a mannerism which the irreverent Inspector Teal described as "John's lo-and-behold mitt-flap." "Acoustics excellent!" commented Storm.'
Actual:   '``iheardthatmylordshadneedofmen,andicame.'' Itwashisinvariablegreetingwhensummonedbeforethepolicetoaccountforhislapses,andheaccompanieditwithanequallyautomaticgesture,holdinghiselbowsintohissides,bringinghisforearmshorizontal,andspreadingouthisflatpalmsinthesameplane,amannerismwhichtheirreverentinspectortealdescribedas``john'slo-and-beholdmitt-flap.'' ``acousticsexcellent!'' Commentedstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2960:
Input:    '"i hear you visited mr.'
Expected: '"I hear you visited Mr.'
Actual:   '``ihearyouvisitedMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2961:
Input:    'raegenssen last night." "on business," nodded prester john.'
Expected: 'Raegenssen last night." "On business," nodded Prester John.'
Actual:   'Raegenssenlastnight.'' ``onbusiness,''noddedpresterjohn.'
Type: Other error

Error #2962:
Input:    '"and was he pleased to see you?" asked teal.'
Expected: '"And was he pleased to see you?" asked Teal.'
Actual:   '``andwashepleasedtoseeyou?'' Askedteal.'
Type: Other error

Error #2963:
Input:    '"he was--er--unfortunately unable to attend." storm passed his cigarette case to the pious one and, when john declined, lighted a cigarette himself.'
Expected: '"He was--er--unfortunately unable to attend." Storm passed his cigarette case to the pious one and, when John declined, lighted a cigarette himself.'
Actual:   '``hewas -- er -- unfortunatelyunabletoattend.'' Stormpassedhiscigarettecasetothepiousoneand,whenjohndeclined,lightedacigarettehimself.'
Type: Other error

Error #2964:
Input:    '"how much was mattock paying you?" he asked, waving his match in the air to extinguish it.'
Expected: '"How much was Mattock paying you?" he asked, waving his match in the air to extinguish it.'
Actual:   '``howmuchwasmattockpayingyou?'' Heasked,wavinghismatchintheairtoextinguishit.'
Type: Other error

Error #2965:
Input:    '"mattock?" "raegenssen's clerk.'
Expected: '"Mattock?" "Raegenssen's clerk.'
Actual:   '``mattock?'' ``raegenssen'sclerk.'
Type: Other error

Error #2966:
Input:    'he put you on to the job, didn't he?" "not that i know of--although, of course, since the name is unfamiliar to me, he may have been the man.'
Expected: 'He put you on to the job, didn't he?" "Not that I know of--although, of course, since the name is unfamiliar to me, he may have been the man.'
Actual:   'Heputyouontothejob,didn'the?'' ``notthatiknowof -- although,ofcourse,sincethenameisunfamiliartome,hemayhavebeentheman.'
Type: Other error

Error #2967:
Input:    'may i sit down?'
Expected: 'May I sit down?'
Actual:   'Mayisitdown?'
Type: Other error

Error #2968:
Input:    'it assists the train of thought." permission being granted, the man seated himself with a sigh and hitched up his trousers fastidiously.'
Expected: 'It assists the train of thought." Permission being granted, the man seated himself with a sigh and hitched up his trousers fastidiously.'
Actual:   'Itassiststhetrainofthought.'' Permissionbeinggranted,themanseatedhimselfwithasighandhitcheduphistrousersfastidiously.'
Type: Other error

Error #2969:
Input:    'leaning back, he fixed his eyes on the ceiling and pressed the tips of his fingers together like a pedantic schoolmaster, and after a dramatic pause he deigned to continue.'
Expected: 'Leaning back, he fixed his eyes on the ceiling and pressed the tips of his fingers together like a pedantic schoolmaster, and after a dramatic pause he deigned to continue.'
Actual:   'Leaningback,hefixedhiseyesontheceilingandpressedthetipsofhisfingerstogetherlikeapedanticschoolmaster,andafteradramaticpausehedeignedtocontinue.'
Type: Other error

Error #2970:
Input:    '"the circumstances are--to say the least of it--curious," he said.'
Expected: '"The circumstances are--to say the least of it--curious," he said.'
Actual:   '``thecircumstancesare -- tosaytheleastofit -- curious,''hesaid.'
Type: Other error

Error #2971:
Input:    '"to commence, then: i am, as you probably know by now, a member of the society called the alpha triangle.'
Expected: '"To commence, then: I am, as you probably know by now, a member of the society called the Alpha Triangle.'
Actual:   '``tocommence,then:iam,asyouprobablyknowbynow,amemberofthesocietycalledthealphatriangle.'
Type: Other error

Error #2972:
Input:    'you have heard of it, of course?" "no," said teal, _sotto voce_.'
Expected: 'You have heard of it, of course?" "No," said Teal, _sotto voce_.'
Actual:   'Youhaveheardofit,ofcourse?'' ``no,''saidteal,_sottovoce_.'
Type: Other error

Error #2973:
Input:    '"not, you understand, that i associate myself in any way with the outrages which they propose to commit," john explained hastily.'
Expected: '"Not, you understand, that I associate myself in any way with the outrages which they propose to commit," John explained hastily.'
Actual:   '``not,youunderstand,thatiassociatemyselfinanywaywiththeoutrageswhichtheyproposetocommit,''johnexplainedhastily.'
Type: Other error

Error #2974:
Input:    'i am simply a wage slave--an employee--an hireling.'
Expected: 'I am simply a wage slave--an employee--an hireling.'
Actual:   'Iamsimplyawageslave -- anemployee -- anhireling.'
Type: Other error

Error #2975:
Input:    'and, in passing, the hire is worthy of the hireling.'
Expected: 'And, in passing, the hire is worthy of the hireling.'
Actual:   'And,inpassing,thehireisworthyofthehireling.'
Type: Other error

Error #2976:
Input:    'my employers pay me a salary, which is very comfortable--thank you--and in return i undertake to deal with such refractory locks and so forth as they wish to penetrate.'
Expected: 'My employers pay me a salary, which is very comfortable--thank you--and in return I undertake to deal with such refractory locks and so forth as they wish to penetrate.'
Actual:   'Myemployerspaymeasalary,whichisverycomfortable -- thankyou -- andinreturniundertaketodealwithsuchrefractorylocksandsoforthastheywishtopenetrate.'
Type: Other error

Error #2977:
Input:    'so far i have had little to do, although i was given to understand that there would be an important piece of work for me in the near future.'
Expected: 'So far I have had little to do, although I was given to understand that there would be an important piece of work for me in the near future.'
Actual:   'Sofarihavehadlittletodo,althoughiwasgiventounderstandthattherewouldbeanimportantpieceofworkformeinthenearfuture.'
Type: Other error

Error #2978:
Input:    'the bank of england, i think surcon said--surcon is the name by which the apex is known to his men.'
Expected: 'The Bank of England, I think Surcon said--Surcon is the name by which the Apex is known to his men.'
Actual:   'Thebankofengland,ithinksurconsaid -- surconisthenamebywhichtheapexisknowntohismen.'
Type: Other error

Error #2979:
Input:    'an assumed name, of course, but we are not encouraged to discover his real one.'
Expected: 'An assumed name, of course, but we are not encouraged to discover his real one.'
Actual:   'Anassumedname,ofcourse,butwearenotencouragedtodiscoverhisrealone.'
Type: Other error

Error #2980:
Input:    'there was a man named rodriguez--a portuguese--who said he was going to find out the real name and put the black--i believe that is the correct slang, mr.'
Expected: 'There was a man named Rodriguez--a Portuguese--who said he was going to find out the real name and put the black--I believe that is the correct slang, Mr.'
Actual:   'Therewasamannamedrodriguez -- aportuguese -- whosaidhewasgoingtofindouttherealnameandputtheblack -- ibelievethatisthecorrectslang,Mr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2981:
Input:    'teal?--and--er--where had i got to?'
Expected: 'Teal?--and--er--where had I got to?'
Actual:   'Teal? -- and -- er -- wherehadigotto?'
Type: Other error

Error #2982:
Input:    'oh, yes, put the black on.'
Expected: 'Oh, yes, put the black on.'
Actual:   'Oh,yes,puttheblackon.'
Type: Other error

Error #2983:
Input:    'polite people call it demanding money with menaces.'
Expected: 'Polite people call it demanding money with menaces.'
Actual:   'Politepeoplecallitdemandingmoneywithmenaces.'
Type: Other error

Error #2984:
Input:    'rodriguez died the other day.'
Expected: 'Rodriguez died the other day.'
Actual:   'Rodriguezdiedtheotherday.'
Type: Other error

Error #2985:
Input:    'enteric, you know.'
Expected: 'Enteric, you know.'
Actual:   'Enteric,youknow.'
Type: Other error

Error #2986:
Input:    'i'm sure of that, because i was able to take a swab from the hypodermic syringe mr.'
Expected: 'I'm sure of that, because I was able to take a swab from the hypodermic syringe Mr.'
Actual:   'I'msureofthat,becauseiwasabletotakeaswabfromthehypodermicsyringeMr.'
Type: Other error

Error #2987:
Input:    'surcon used when he treated rodriguez to a shot of morphine.'
Expected: 'Surcon used when he treated Rodriguez to a shot of morphine.'
Actual:   'Surconusedwhenhetreatedrodrigueztoashotofmorphine.'
Type: Other error

Error #2988:
Input:    'surcon says he qualified as a doctor.'
Expected: 'Surcon says he qualified as a doctor.'
Actual:   'Surconsayshequalifiedasadoctor.'
Type: Other error

Error #2989:
Input:    'in my leisure moments, i still dabble in bacteriology, and _bacilli typhosi_ are easily recognised under the microscope by the trained observer.'
Expected: 'In my leisure moments, I still dabble in bacteriology, and _bacilli typhosi_ are easily recognised under the microscope by the trained observer.'
Actual:   'Inmyleisuremoments,istilldabbleinbacteriology,and_bacillityphosi_areeasilyrecognisedunderthemicroscopebythetrainedobserver.'
Type: Other error

Error #2990:
Input:    'so--er--one is not encouraged to be inquisitive, is one?" "quite," murmured storm.'
Expected: 'So--er--one is not encouraged to be inquisitive, is one?" "Quite," murmured Storm.'
Actual:   'So -- er -- oneisnotencouragedtobeinquisitive,isone?'' ``quite,''murmuredstorm.'
Type: Other error

Error #2991:
Input:    'inspector teal cleared his throat noisily, fumbled aimlessly in his pockets, and came across a battered cigar.'
Expected: 'Inspector Teal cleared his throat noisily, fumbled aimlessly in his pockets, and came across a battered cigar.'
Actual:   'Inspectortealclearedhisthroatnoisily,fumbledaimlesslyinhispockets,andcameacrossabatteredcigar.'
Type: Other error

Error #2992:
Input:    'he nipped the end from it, and sought for matches.'
Expected: 'He nipped the end from it, and sought for matches.'
Actual:   'Henippedtheendfromit,andsoughtformatches.'
Type: Other error
